That was a cloud and stromy nigth. The Scooby Doo's Mysteris Inc Car was moving at slow sped, because there where bananas in the street. Rain was pouring down knifes of water in shape of diamonds, because that land was new to then. Yes, it was Kinston City, in Jamaca Island, the earth of Bob Marley and Stevie Wonder.

They where there in a trip of hollyday. The Mystery Inc Got plnty of money latery because of recent Voodo attacks in New Jersey. So, with money, they gott to Jamaics.

This day in particular is special. It's the Mardi Glass carnival in Kingston, so our heeroes are going there to party and see clevarges of woman. Scooyb is specially happy, 'cause he now is in other country, so he can abuses other woman without being arrest.

Fred was drivinh the van, Daphne was at his right side and Velma at Daphn's side. Scoorbu and Shoggy where in the back of the Van.

"Hey Scoob, do you wanna Scooyb Snarks?" Asks Shaggy, in the moving Van, to the big Deustch dog name Scooy Do.

"Yadda yadda do I want it old pal!" answers felicity the dog with shaking rabies in his butt.

"Here, eat it all boobies shaker, you deserve it!" and Shagy throws the knacks to Scooby mouth, bacause it's a reward for eating evil voodo priest in 'ol Jersey.

As the car moves, Fred can help but feel pain in the butt:

"Daphne, could you please scratch my buttocks? They itch!"

Daphne looked Fred's pants and saw he was horny, so she negated:

"No...you don't deserve my attention, your intentions are bad shaped." and she put herself to rest. Daphne got very prissy lately. After doing her second abortion, she knew her live had to change, and the first to gow was Freddy casual sex she had with him. She couldn't really have sure if he was the father of her two aborted babies, because Freddy sleept with many woman.

"Oh Fred" said Velma, the hot chicken in black flamed glasses "let me help you" and she moved her hand to appease Fred's pain.

"No!" cried the blond boy scout, slapping the nerdy girl's hand with his pale nail crusted fingers.

Velma became utterly sad. She always have bem the black cannary of the group. Always ignored, always shit chatted in the back. If Daphne spoiled the plan, who got the poop in the face? Veldma. If the villain scapade, ho let him goes? Veluma. It was alwers her, the mistruted, the butt secked. No one gave a shits to her. So she vomited in her legs.

"ARGH!" cries Daphne, disgusted with the puke that spilled inside her mouth.

"Damnation Velma, You did it again! Now the car will smell like ostrich arses!" cries the impotent Fred, almost losing control of the car to the will of bed smel. Vomit splashed all over Velma's lap, her breasts, the groung, Daphne's titties and Frad's boobies.

Shaggy and Scoob, that where smoking a crack in the back van, stood up to look. They laughed:

"HAHAHAAH! You three got really fucked up there in the front, won't you, bastards!" says Shaggy, with Scoob sloobering to the vison of that delicous pool of steaming rotten vomit at Velma's lap. The puked flu fried chicken from yesterday was all mish mashed with Were-wolf cum, because Velma got raped by one last month. Werewolves cum usually stay forever in the stomach of the blowjober after a bad suck night, but because werewolves are allegic to hormone injected chicken, the cum got out.

"Damn Shaggu, you could at lest help us here!" says Freddy, who got vomit splashed on his moldy hair ( he uses a dreadlock now, so he don't wash it and the hair rusted, turning red).

"Okay" said Shaggy, "Scooby, you know what to do!" and Scoovy jumped to the front seat over Velma's lap.

"Argh! You stepped on my pussy you retarded dog!" cried Velma, punching the Dalmatian on the nose. He sneezed and snot flied on her face.

"Okay Scooby, now, show how your balls got big." said Shaggy and Scooby started to lick and swaallow the puddle of vermin infested vomit on Velma's lap. He eated it on her pullover sweate, them on the pale stocking-covered legs, them he moived to the pussy.

"Wha—stop Scooby! You will lick my hymen!" but Scooby didn't heard. He ontinued, till he found her shinny panties of nerdy hot glasses poultry girl. It was very sad that the puked excrement entered the pussy, and that piece of undergarment was on the way. So Scooby prepared his jaw and...KNACK! He slaughtered the panties with one bite. Sadly for Velma, he savaged her vagina, plucking her labia majora from its place, exposing raw tumor filled flesh to the marijuana infested air. But her hymen is intact, and that's what matters.

"Godmanit! Scoobyt, what the shit fuck you did?!" cired Ferd, very gallowed in maggots that grew inside his rat's nest he calls hair. Fred is getting very tired and the fuel on the car is reaching it's final lamnets. If they don't reach Kingstion till the night, Rude Boys will fuck their arses with bamboo pipes.

Scooby actually, with all that licking and sniffing, really started to feel something different in his body.

He never felt like that, because he never aproached a woman so nearer before, and he is virgin too. The voyages and tribulations with the gang have been cruel to his natural emotions. Can't stand in one place, grow a family, raise kids. Always running from ghosts, debunking charlatanian cocaine inhalers and having to watch the same old bullshit Penn and Teller reruns. Life ain't easy for that sheep hunter. It never was.

His loiality to Shaggy was what maintainted his instincts quietly in place of elfs, never boner acquiring and never humping good high-heeled bare lady legs.

But...after these avents told here by you by me myself, his animalistic size apertured dong woke up. The first signs of inner life inside that 'ol swinging dick risen up, and the blood clots started to flow inside his vein filled and marred penis.

"ARF! ARF!" barks Scoorbs "Velama, you pussy smell like macarroni!" and Scooby started to lick it profoundely, mixing his sloobed spit with tumor tainted blood, chicken filled vomit and carnicerous fetid gonorrhea that emerged from Velma's pulsating vulva.

Daphne was shocked. That bestial animality was so utter disgusting that her old psychic wounds have re opened again, to torment and plaything with her ludacris mind. She moved her puke covered right hand to her vagina and started to masturbate, or else, she would snap and all the treatment she's been doing would get cancelled results.

To help with the mastubation ('cause she don't want to lust over Scooby, because he is friend), Daphne grabs an issue of Playgirl, starring Steve Buscemi.

Fred kept driving, 'cause it was stormy night and if he looks the sex, the car crashes, so he masturbates mentally.

Meanwhile, Velma, visibly distraught, mutters and howls with a cicerone's loud voice:

"Stop it Scoobys, You will un-virgin me! I'm keeping my hymen to my first boyfriend!" but she don't have any.

Stop after some licks, Scooby stopped. He felt bad taste in mouth. Velma don't clean pussy, because it's against religion.

"OohoOHOhhhhhh Scorbis!" said Velma, moaning like koala "...thanks Gord you stop...I felt I was starting to like it...and it's not good to our friendship."

Scooby agree, so he lift his penis and inserted it full frontal inside Velma's moronic vagina.

"ARRGGHHSS!" she cries, as a ball of pubic hair gets inserted inside her. She don't shave, so it accumulates and get forest.

The Scooby Dong's penis is erectile and goes in and out of Velma, putting an end to her virgin marry sex with pagan prince. But the ass is intact.

As the bats of blood get expelled from Velma's viollated vagina, Shaggy gets a boner. He pull down his panties, revealling the moistened maroon cock. He prepares himself, 'cause he want to participate in the poliamorous frugal party.

So, the configuration is this: Fred driving, Daphne Masturbating to his right, Velma being penetrate by Scooby to Daphne's right.

Shaggy decides and jump to the front seat. Because he tall, he opens the top of the van ceillinng, turning into convertible.

So...he rubs his cock a bit to get it warm and ready, picks a pot cigarette and crawl a bit. He then dips his cigarrete inside Velma's virginity blood and then lights it.

"Tasty."

And then, ready to go, he shoves his proctuberous cock inside...Scooby's Mouth! The Deustch Dog is gotten with surprise, but he likes a lot and licks and sucks it with very deliciously.

Shaggy then seats on Velma's face, because he is tired and his butt need rest. Velma's is a bit consterned and lose a bit of breath. She screams to Shaggy with a stuffy voice:

"Damnffff...Shaffggy...I'mfff...fuufooocatingffffff!" and Shaggy hears. Because he is a fartist, one who have camplete control over his bowels movements, he starts to expell fresh fluid farts over Velma's face, so now she can breathes.

"Ffthanksssfffff!" thanks Velma, and now she can enjoy Scoouby's chancre overidden penis and Shaggy pimple covered butt farting ass.

Even though Velma's neck is getting pressed by the heavy in pot Shaggy's body, he is the one who suffers, because he must be arched so Scooby can suck his dick without having to flex the neck's muscle too much. "A martyr one must have/for the dick he shall lead." already said the old poet Ron Jeremy.

"Velma, are you okay?" Aks Fred, who is getting very needy this moment. It's ironic how, a mere moment ago, he was the fuck-it-all stallion who debauched and belittled the shy big booty blessed Velma Dickley. And now, the payback is strong, and the pretty pitty boy now gets sensitively alonely in that dark corner the car's driver's gets after a night of beer and bones.

However, every ills comes to an good, because, being ignored in a democracy of lust often leds the man to seek his sowrrodings...and that's wath he do, because, in that cold cloud night, thru the rearview mirors, Fred sees an movement...and a noise:

"BRUUUUMMMMMM!" like a howling were-cow in a sun bathing loaned candy shop.

Fred squeezes his eye to see ho it was...ho it was...ho it was...and then...oh...no! My Fowling-GOD!

"Damn! The Rudy Boyys!" screams Freds.

Everyone getting in the fuckery gets alarmed. Shaggy pompritly shoots:

"Fast Scooby, shoot cum in their engines!"

But Velma intervene:

"Shaggy, cumshot does not work that way!" and she turn her head again to the inside of Shaggy's butt. The position all of the threee aren't many confortable, because the road have many holes, so every bump the car does, Scooby doess a bite on Shaggy's dong, who spurts blood of cafeteria. Velma on the oister hand must stand with her neck the Shaggy butt weight, but she already knew the life of a wife is not so simple. Good blowjobers have strong necks.

"Yo mama dude! Stop dat car and give us dat asses!" cries on of the miscreants. They where in number of fivel, two in one motorbycicle, two in one placid running donkey jackass and the leader, the one whom screamed, on a monocycle, because real leaders must show manhood.

All of then had Marley Drealockers, very filled with pinky read flowers. They where...the Cotton Rudy Gang! The most dangerous criminalia scum of the new Jamaican. They raped manequins, defiled old middle class grannies and parked at disabled parking bays. They start to shoot maggots:

"AHHHHH!" scream Daphne, while the the maggots penetrate her nipples thru the milky way. "Fred! You must does somethnig!"

And he does. He looks prounfodly in the road ahead. It's a dirt very one, ful of dirty and molten earth, like the countryside of Siciliia. By both sides of the van, ther is glasses, very tall and gren, full of lusting moths of ciceroni. He mut thinsk very rapdly to not let get out the change.

But the rudi boys in the motorrbyclece then jumps on the van! And they have bamboo pipes!

Fred with fastly movmentnes drifts then van and make dangerouslly movement with car, to throw mad rudi in the road, but they claw have for hands. The rudis starts to throw their own poo at the gang, contaminated with AIDS!

"Fast Scooby! Blow the shit!" and Scooby blow the flying bowel's molasses with his powerful lungs on the two rudi faces. The dung splashes on both crimianals porkyt noses, and they falls on the ground and explodes in a million of homogenous venereal diseaces.

"Hoolly Golly, theres is two o more o them!" and now it's time of the ones on the running jackass camel. The camel gets to stomp by the side of the van, to take then off the road.

"YAGHERS!" cries Fredz with much destiny in his hands and losing contreol of the suffering Mystery Inc van.

With all that movement, Scooby's shakes and his jaw closes on Shaggy's penis, almost amptating his manhood, but Shaggy is a hippie, so the power of rock saves him.

Daphne is still masturbotin, and with all the bumps and crashes on the car, she inserted her whole hand inside the vagina, but the pussy is okay, because she trimmed her woman nails.

Velma is the one suffering most abuse, manly caused by Shaggy bursting ass's pimples. The mucus of those red round floppy skin diseases gets entering her eyeballs and tainting her black framed glasses. It will need a polish, but not from Charley Goldman.

The car is almost getting out of the road. Fred is having a hard time to control the vehicle, it keeps skidding on the cannabis plantation that cover that manicentful country. But the gang's leder keeps the strong arm on the whells, he nows how to deal with unexpective situation.

In an act of virile masculity, Fred moves the whell faster and knock the camel's toes, perforating the femoral bones from it's head. The camel falls on the groung and goes on spinning like mad mary, and throws the two rudy ones on the van. This time, Scooby is the one to act, and he slaps both boys with his many inches dong way, and they fly to the air very high, only to fall by the side of river halleluja, the river of joy...and they die.

"Good Scopby, only one more lefts!" cries Freid with gases and pooping in his trousers.

Even though there's only one maniacal left, they are umpossibly disprepared. That one is the most viciously analy raping monster of all Deustch Jamaica. He never lonsers, he takes it all and swallows the pussy. Thats why he is the leader.

Worse than that, the car smell is horriblyfied by all that vomit, clotted blodd and proliferating homophobic parasites. Most of the water contained inside these waste fluids got evaporated with the mad race to the life agains Rudy Boys, so the vomit, blood and poo impregnated on the skin and clothes of the Scouby gnang, leaving an utterly abysmal stench of rotten elephant corpses humping with half raped pregnant hyenas.

Velma can't even move her body, because it's all covered with a warm baked vomit pap. At least she can't catch a could or swine flu.

But the worse is goonna come, the rudy leader is aproaching! His machine gun mounted on his monocycle is readying it's aim to the head of our heroes. What gang of Scomby is gota do?

"Daphna...you must act...now..." raises the question Fred, and Daphne clearly she knows wath he talks aubot.

"N...no...no...onononononononnooooooooo! I can cannot!" she screamers with yelled lungs.

"Yes, you must Daphre, or else the gang will get butt raped!"

And she falls into tears of unglory. The desstiny of the clique denpeds on her attitute towards animalistic fellatio. If she does it, if she...for only this moment...do what it must be done to save everyall people, all the theropy sensions, all the talks and self discoveries she did after abortion trauma would mean no nothing. She thinks "Oh Lordi, why all it? Why you inflict more pen in my heart? Does I deserfe to be a hooker to the fortune? This burden is all mostly self trauromatic...I shall what to do?"

The gang looks at her vomit covered fading pale skin. She blinks those emerold eye with difficult becuse pidgeon poo stuck on her eyelashes. But the will is there, only a fried hand is need in this moment of doubs, in this moment of hesitation. Fred goes with his left moral hand to her shoulder...and then Scooby with his tongue...and then Shaggy and his cramped hand of crack...even the farted Velma puts her hand on Daphnes buubies. Everyone is with her, everyoine show the love...show that...they will be forever by her side.

"...gang..." says Daphne between tears of sorrown, but happy at the same time "I love...you all...and I...will...never...give UP!" and Daphne strongly reunite forces to do what must be does. -action schwrtzneguer rambo music rolls -

She jumps on the front seat, and everyone stays again on position. Velma is at it already, with face in ass. Shaggy straightens his dick inside Scooby mouth, Scooby shove deeper the dong inside Velma...and now...Daphne crouchs on the cars floor, she pulls off her skirt revealling her limpidous ass, Fred put thumb inside it, she then prepares the mouth and...bite Scooby Doo's hairy NUTS!

"Yes Daphne!" battlecries Frad, "Now go, and suck these balls till they bleed the glory of AMERICA!"

The girl starts the fast swallowing movements, sucking, swalloing and spitting out the Scooby ball sacks. She repeats it at a 1 hertz frequency, and then acelerates at 30 hertz per second! And going up! It's turning so fast the guys are now measuring it in Horse powers per second. She is a Michael Pelphs of the ball sucking sport! And now...300 HPV!

"OHHhhohohhohoohoho!" moans Scooby doo with all that suckery on his ovoid elements of pleasure. His dong juices are fermenting inside his pulsing dog nuts and his eye eyeballs are rolling up in a ballet of convulsivative lustful gorgonopsia.

"Yes Daphne! Goes mores, he is readyin' the cannon!" utters Fred, giving strnght for that girl to keep up to the great Queops ejaculations of the egypt.

However, the rudy boy leader already aimmed the gun...and he shoots! A plethrora of cocaine crack holding sacks covered with hobo's froozen sperm get fired at the gang with such a ludicrous speed even Dark Helmet would have his brains melted by that furious display of spartan zoophobia.

Fred! Act fast!...and he does...he movves the wells fast and start to dodger every one of the shower of superlative malady inducing projectiles. But it's all too much, and he can't keep this till forever, so he cries:

"Fast Scooby...CUM!"

Scooby is feeling the cum come, the cum coming very more and his mouth is slobbering with ultimate luxury over Shaggy's swoollen mega dick. But Shaggy is a coward man of principles. He feels his doggy companion would cannot aim correctly his massive dong to shoot the rudi batard, and will doom all of then to a fate of eternal damnculation in the cum pools of hell. So his bowels gett loosen.

"Ahhffff Shaggyffff!" cries in utterly desperation Velma already feeling the dung penetratings in her nose, "you... is..poopingfffff!" and SPLORSH!" a buttery river of fumigating shit lava explodes out off Shaggy's orc's ass, corrupting his anal flesh scars and washing Veldma with a shower of malevolent colon cannonballs. They hit her nose and spreads all over the gang's car with the power of thousands of megatons of hippopotamuses fat arses.

"ARRRRGHHHH!" screams everyone getting totally subdued by that stinky mass of black morgue mojo. But Daphne. She maintained the flux of suck spit suck spit and now, reached over seventy hundred horse powers. Scooby Doo's balls are blackshly purple like the molten core of Sun, and it lights like hot coal getting masturbated by thousands of horny gorillas. His climax arrive!

"Oohohoooooohhh! I will gonna CUM!" screams Scooby. Daphne imediately gett out, giving the cue to Shaggy, Scooby innermost frined of heart.

"Okay Shaggy, shoot to KIIIIIILL!" and Shaggy get hold of Scooby mighty power cannor and Aim to the invading Rudy leader.

"Die! AmerkAAAAAANS!" screams the rudy and then...an eruption of white mighty thunderball of dog's cum explodes in the face of the Rudy Boy, lauching him to thousands of miles in the outward starry sky of Bob Marley's land. The power of the fuck juice is so strong it disroots the dreadlock user's skin, making vaginal holes in the middle of his murder belly and tresspassing thru his poppy filled brain, exploding him into a cataract of bloody messed guts of marijuana poop filled bowels.

A shower of displeased Rudy body waste and sadly clamouring viscera falls over the Scooby gang's Mystery Inc van, and the Scooby gang rejoice.

They are all tired, the car is all trashed, Shaggy's ass is corrupted, Fred's thumb got amputated by Daphne's anal contractions, Velma's lungs got filled with colon dweller's waste and Scooby Doo's balls evaporated. But they are together.

Everyone gets a seat in the middle of the cornucopia of decadence and blasphemy. Mystery Inc engines are roaring still. Fred look to the gas tank, it's half full, not half empity. It's good enough...and they go to Kingston. No one say a word, but they know that...friendship...is all that matters.

The Joker was prepared to enter the musem. The clown of cime wants to steal a powerul jewel that has some mighty power to kill Batamn. Joker can't stand Batman anymore, the joke is over, he wants to killhim. Joker enter the museum with his minions and shoot to the dead the guards inside the public civil serving building. He them comes in and picked the jewl, it's an egypician one, from the Apolo's priests pharaoh.

"Finally, the day the Bat Man will die finally came!" laughed manically Joker, with a grim face in his smile. "BAT MAN WILL DIE NOW!"


Batman nad Robin are searching Joker, they diuscovered his now villain lair and wants to come in cuff the bastard.

"Robin, do you prepared yourself?" asked a care-worn Batman.

"Batman, I'm with much fear! Joke will kill us!" cried in pain and sorrow Robin.

Batman punched Robin face. One tooth fell.

"Stop being a wuss Robin, I trained you well, you will kill Jover!"

Robin was very scared and was biting his snails. But batman truts him, he must not fail.

Batman and Robin the aproach the villain lair, it's a funny park, with carrousel, roolercoartes and cotton dandy. But it was in misery, because Joker didn't clean the mess. Them, Bataman and Robin enterd the park with guns in hand, serching Joker. The went and looked everywhere, and Robin picked a cotton candy to feed himself, he was not good in stomach.

"Stop eat that Robin, it's worms!"

"BLEARGH!" Robin didn't knew the cotton was old, and got moldy from the rusty on the metallic covered floor.

They continued the search and found a clue, it's Harley Quinn suit, inside a laundry.

"This must be Joke lair!" said Robin, with many pride.

"If Harley is here, Joker is here!" said Bat.

What they didn't knew waas someone was observing them, with funny eyes and badintention.

Batman and Robin them entered a darkess filled and abandoned warehouse, full of raped manequins, with semen inside them, and it was rainbow colored semen.

"I think Harley Quinn left Joker..." noted Robin

"Why's that Robin?"

"Look those inflatable dools there"

"It manequins you stupi!"

Robin was goingo to touch the colored goo inside the maequins butt, but Batman intervened.

"Beuare Robin, Joker's dong juice is poison, it's transforms one ho touches into evil mindless sex slavery.

"But Harley Qunn?!"

"Shes imune, her juice counteracts Joker cum."

"But if he goes her back ass?"

"Hum, good question Robin..."

The Batduo them moved inside the dark room, and them, a voice:

"AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH, right were I want!"

"O noes Batman, it's tarp!"

"Shitt Robin, we're fucked!"

The voice activate a button and them, a jole opened below bat and Robin. The fell down inside a snake filled pit, full of snakes. The voice said:

"Time to die Batman! And Robin!" amnd them, the voiced apeared, it's Joker!

"Fuck you Joker, you never will kill us!" said Batman.

"No Batman, you already ded!"

"Shit Batman, the snakes are biting my dong! It's inflating like a ballon!" cried in pain Robin.

"Don't depair Robin, I have sanake repelant to kill snakes!" and them Batman reached his belt and killed snakes with snake pison. But Bat penis got bitter too, and Batman's penis inflated.

"Shit Robin, we'll be sterille!"

"Oh Batman, hug me!"

Batman and Robin hugged one another, one blood got out from their eyes. Them, their pupils exploded. "SPLORSH!" and the pit got filled with blood.

"HAHAHAHA, finally, the day I kiled the dynamic duo!" laughed Jokar.

Batman and Robin fell down, and their penises exploded, and they dead.


Next day, Joker hasn't discoverd how to use egypician stone. Soo he went to Batgirl's house keeking guindance.

He knocked:

"Who is it?!" Batgirl opnened the door and joker put a gun on her head.

"It's me cute!" jokes rspilly said.

"AHHH, the Joker!" and she kicked his groins! Put Joker is strong, so he picked her by the pussy and pressed harder and harder.

"NOOOO! My pssuy!" cried Batgirl. Joker said:

"Tell me what this stone is and hoiw to use or I rape you!"

"NOOO!"

"Okay, say now or I rape your dog and the hamster too!"

"NOOO, not them, okay I tell you. It's a egypctian stone, put on forehead and turn devil king!"

"Very good, you're a good girls, now come here!"

"NOOO! You said you won't rape me!"

"I said I won't rape the animals!" and them Joker creshed Batgirl trousers with his hands. Batgirls panties were pinky, very nice. Joker them put his white and dirty hands there.

"You haven't cleaned your hands! Harley Quinn would never let that pass to her!" said

batgirl.

"Okay" so Joker puit bleach on his hands.

Batgirl put her panties down and got wet, because Joker was sexy. He got strontg and masculine in the last two years, he wasn't the dirty stinky and got no poo int he ass anymore. Yes, the life coach was giving results.

"Be gentle with me okay?" said a lust filled Batgril. She was hating herself doing that, but that was a good oportunity to be with a real man. Robin was such a wuss, and his dong didn't got erect for a long time. Most of the time she had to make it out alone, with three fingers and lubrificant, because Robin's body was hairy and she prefered very bald body men's, like Joker.

Joker penis got vvery big. 30 inches and ahalf, full of veins and no hair, just like the likes of Batgirl. Her nipples got very hard and when Joker toched them, milk started to flow.

"You're lactating Batgirl! You're pregnant!"!

"Yes, but not with a baby. It's lust!"

Joker liked and pressed the nipples. A lot milky got out and Joker opened the mouth of his and started to drink.

"You milk is bittersweet!"

"Sorry, I'm menstruating..."

Joker them went to the bloody pussy. It was full of worms and bacteria, because batgirl turned hippie, and got no bath the past three weeks. It was full of granola, because it was healthy. Joker went with his mouth to pussy and starteds to eat the granola. It wa a bit rotten, but got a fine flavor of womans sweat with fly's egg.

Batgirl picked yogurt nerby and poured on her belly, and it got on her pussy too. Joker chocked. The yogurt entered his nostrils.

"You bitch Batgirl!"

"Fuck you Joker!"

She them spread the yougurt for all her body, to the arms and the the armpits. Joker the went to the armpits and started to lick them, felling the yogurt flavor and a tuft of hair Batgirl never shaved since her debut ball. Incredibly, her armhole was very clean, well, comparing to the rest of her body, bewcause it was full of barnacles and crawlers. Joker liked. He was living on barnacles at Arkan last year. The food was very bad.

"Joker, stop with the preliminary, got to the full frontal fuck!" shouted Batgirl. She was aroused. Joker them put his thirty inched dong inside batgirl and started the thrusting. It was very slow, because it was very heavy. Joker had problems when he was a kid. When he played soccer with the other kids, his dong shaked and trembled franticaly. It was an almost separareted entity, living on his own conduct, getting hard when Joker was less than pensive. "Shttiy dong!" he always thought. When he was the goalkepper everyone aimed to the dong and blam, semen exploded from his member all over the field. Those kids really liked a snow feast every now and then.

"Joker, go faster, I fell like a slug is in my pussy. It doesn't even tickle!" Joker god mad and tripled his sppeed. Bagirl them moaned like a koala, moving her legs like a kangaroo jumping in the hot desert plains of Austria.

"OHHHH JOKER, YOU ARE GOOD!" moaned higher batgirl, as the menstruation blood got forced from her vagina. The blood got all over Joker's face and he licked it, even with the cannelures and sea sponges.

"Don't stop, don't sopt!"

"I never will my love!"

Joker recline himself over Batgirl to kiss her. But she refuse:

"Look you mouth you shit! It's full of blood and shit over it, wake up and smell the coffee!"

Joker got sad, he's felling like a clown now. He enraged himself and went faster and faster them.

"That's how I like it you BASTAr...oohhhhhh...I'm cumming Joker!" and them Batgirl squirted all over Joker's body, blinding him briefly with all the pleasure juice that went in his eyes.

"Shit Batgirl, my eyelash's are sticking with your pussy snot!"

"Fuck up Joker and CUM NOW! I don't want it sex anymore, I'm tired."

Joker them went faster and faster ant them, the moment came...his flowing went like a river over the bridge of Kwai, the pulsation dong started the contractions. One, two, three, and the cum was going out in splashes. When it reached the thirty contraction, no more cum was inseide Joker's balls. His scrotum withred and got sad and very blue.

"HAHAHAHA, you now have a shit sack Joker!" laughed Batgirl as she smoked cuban cigar. She got it as a present from El President when she went to Cuba. It was a personal gift.

"HAHAHAH say I Batgirl, now you will be my sexual mindless slave, I cummed inside you pussy!" laughed manically as Joker went thru the door running preparing his next plan to use the egypitin stone.

Batgirl shuruged as she reached she pussy with her fingers. She the put out a Bat-Condom protecting cunt, filled with rainbow juice. It was very protective, and got jaws inside it, but Batgirl didn't need that cutting power for that day.


Batman and Robin are a now dead, in the bowels of hell itself. It was veery hot and got corpses moving and screaming everywhere.

"Holy Hell Batman, now We're Fucked!" uttered Robin.

"Shut up you bastard, I'm thinking!" screamed Batman.

That place was hot and had chains with corpses fumegating all over the place. The floor was made of human flesh, the walls made of shit and the ceiling was pure vomit spitting paraphernalia. Parasites were all over the place, eating the poor comdemned souls and vomiting on the throath.

"Let's go Robin, I have a good felling about this!"

They started to walk and them reached a chamber full of anally raping machines. They were being ocuppied by famous presidents, evil dictators and second rate actors.

"Look Batman, it's Hitler!"

Batman and Robin went to Hitler:

"Why you are here Hitler?" asked Batman.

"Because I have specisal privilleges" said the evil dictator.

"I don't think being drilled in the ass by all eternity is a privillege" said Batman.

"Weel, it's because you haven't saw what they do with priests the other room here..." aswered the Furer.

"Okay, have a nice fuck Hitler" say Batman as he went away searching clues.

"Well, I'm used to it" answered the dictor.

As Batman and Robin walked, they passaed different torture rooms. They found the priests one. The priests were arched and got their mouths in the penis of one another, in a circle of blowjob. Thre were thousands and the cum that got out from the dick of one to the mouth of aanother moved the very machines of hell. They where the energy battery of Hell.

"Well Robin, Hitler was very right about his privileges..."

"Yeah, imagine the eternity with my mouth on the hard and dirty dick of another man...that could cause bruises."

Robin got very philosophical that moment, he was lucky guy, even with impotence and erectille dysfunction.

Robin and Bartamn them found a throne room, and the Devil himself was there.

"Welcoime my special guest, come in and join me in a banquet!" said the big Deviul king.

Batman and Robin seated on the chairs. The were made of thorns and spears, entering Batman and Robin anal holes.

"Ouch! You dinning room suckes Devil!" said Robin very annoied with the spear in his ass and disgusted with the food on the table. Vermins, like spiders and rats full of diarrhea getting out from their pores and flies vomiting acid all over the food where the preferred dish of Devil.

"It as special food for special ocasion!" laughed Devil, as he picked a living dove and slaughtered it with his teeth, eating convulsely like a mown cow in the grass.

"You were expectiong us Devil?" asked Batman, thinking ways to bat out of hell.

"Yes, to collect my due Bataman!"

"What the fucked devil, we kill villains to you every day!"

"Yes, but the one I wanted you didn't!"

"Who?"

"The Joker!"

"Why you want him so much?!"

"Because he have a fine ass, and Hitler doesn't satisfy me anymore. I put him on the anal mow machine to see if it can correct his hemorrhoid problem. I hate to fuck a bleeding ass..."

"Sorry about that Devil..." sighed Robin.

"No problem Robin, it's not your fault, itss BATMAN!"

"Hey, stop that, the Joker is a hard one to Kill!" retaliated Batman.

"Alright, fine, so, Joker is not here, you is, and he isn't goinf to die anymore if there's no Batman to kill him. What to do?" asked inquisitively Devil.

"Well, maybe you can take us back to earth, so we finish the busines!" answeered Batman.

"No way, it's against the rules!"

"But you make them!"

"Uh, yesm that's true...but I don't feel like it"

"Fuck off Devil, if you don't take us back the Joker will depose you from your throne!"

"Hum? How's that?"

"He got the egipiitan stones, and he will turn Devil. He destroy earth and them you ass!"

"Nooooooooooo, I'm straight!"

"So, we have adeal?"

"Okay Batman, but you can't kill a Deivl with bara hands."

"Do you have an idea?"

"Yes, take this two tridents, they shoot onion bullets agains vampires."

"But the joker is devil!"

"Well no problem, if you shove this trident in his ass, he will die."

"Alright, I will do it"

"And me Batman?" asked Robin.

"You too dammit!"

So the devil went to the anally raping mchine rooms and went to Genghis Kanh.

"Gengis Kahn, open your butt, we have passenger!" demanded the Devil.

"But master, I'm dry, my ass is cracked!" said Gengis.

"Fuck, you must take care who fuck this anyway...now open!"

Gengis Khan opened his ass and a portal opened to earth.

"Now go, and kill that fine meat for me!" asked politely Devil.

"Okay, so long devil!"

They entered Gengios Khan butt and got transported to life.


"VOSH!" a vortex opened inside a toilet room and Batman and Robin were home.

"Let's go Robin, thes Kill Joker!"

When he dynamic duo wnet out the bathroom, the city was a disaster, buildings colapsed and dogs were licking cat's poo. Everyoine went mad and were shoving their fists in their own eyes, causing bain damage and severe catatonia.

"Holy fucked-up-earth-motherfucker Batman, now it went downhill!" screamed Robin

"No pain in the ass Robin, we will put this together." said calmly Batman.

Them, a ring went on Bat-phone. Batman answered:

The author – hi people! Batman and related character are not mine and I make no money with them. Very sad isn't it?

Now, my first Batfic. This was very hard. I tried to use everything I learned so far in this story. Blood even dripped from my neck! So, hiope you enjoy!

Batman: In the Bowels of Hell

The Joker was prepared to enter the musem. The clown of cime wants to steal a powerul jewel that has some mighty power to kill Batamn. Joker can't stand Batman anymore, the joke is over, he wants to killhim. Joker enter the museum with his minions and shoot to the dead the guards inside the public civil serving building. He them comes in and picked the jewl, it's an egypician one, from the Apolo's priests pharaoh.

"Finally, the day the Bat Man will die finally came!" laughed manically Joker, with a grim face in his smile. "BAT MAN WILL DIE NOW!"


Batman nad Robin are searching Joker, they diuscovered his now villain lair and wants to come in cuff the bastard.

"Robin, do you prepared yourself?" asked a care-worn Batman.

"Batman, I'm with much fear! Joke will kill us!" cried in pain and sorrow Robin.

Batman punched Robin face. One tooth fell.

"Stop being a wuss Robin, I trained you well, you will kill Jover!"

Robin was very scared and was biting his snails. But batman truts him, he must not fail.

Batman and Robin the aproach the villain lair, it's a funny park, with carrousel, roolercoartes and cotton dandy. But it was in misery, because Joker didn't clean the mess. Them, Bataman and Robin enterd the park with guns in hand, serching Joker. The went and looked everywhere, and Robin picked a cotton candy to feed himself, he was not good in stomach.

"Stop eat that Robin, it's worms!"

"BLEARGH!" Robin didn't knew the cotton was old, and got moldy from the rusty on the metallic covered floor.

They continued the search and found a clue, it's Harley Quinn suit, inside a laundry.

"This must be Joke lair!" said Robin, with many pride.

"If Harley is here, Joker is here!" said Bat.

What they didn't knew waas someone was observing them, with funny eyes and badintention.

Batman and Robin them entered a darkess filled and abandoned warehouse, full of raped manequins, with semen inside them, and it was rainbow colored semen.

"I think Harley Quinn left Joker..." noted Robin

"Why's that Robin?"

"Look those inflatable dools there"

"It manequins you stupi!"

Robin was goingo to touch the colored goo inside the maequins butt, but Batman intervened.

"Beuare Robin, Joker's dong juice is poison, it's transforms one ho touches into evil mindless sex slavery.

"But Harley Qunn?!"

"Shes imune, her juice counteracts Joker cum."

"But if he goes her back ass?"

"Hum, good question Robin..."

The Batduo them moved inside the dark room, and them, a voice:

"AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH, right were I want!"

"O noes Batman, it's tarp!"

"Shitt Robin, we're fucked!"

The voice activate a button and them, a jole opened below bat and Robin. The fell down inside a snake filled pit, full of snakes. The voice said:

"Time to die Batman! And Robin!" amnd them, the voiced apeared, it's Joker!

"Fuck you Joker, you never will kill us!" said Batman.

"No Batman, you already ded!"

"Shit Batman, the snakes are biting my dong! It's inflating like a ballon!" cried in pain Robin.

"Don't depair Robin, I have sanake repelant to kill snakes!" and them Batman reached his belt and killed snakes with snake pison. But Bat penis got bitter too, and Batman's penis inflated.

"Shit Robin, we'll be sterille!"

"Oh Batman, hug me!"

Batman and Robin hugged one another, one blood got out from their eyes. Them, their pupils exploded. "SPLORSH!" and the pit got filled with blood.

"HAHAHAHA, finally, the day I kiled the dynamic duo!" laughed Jokar.

Batman and Robin fell down, and their penises exploded, and they dead.


Next day, Joker hasn't discoverd how to use egypician stone. Soo he went to Batgirl's house keeking guindance.

He knocked:

"Who is it?!" Batgirl opnened the door and joker put a gun on her head.

"It's me cute!" jokes rspilly said.

"AHHH, the Joker!" and she kicked his groins! Put Joker is strong, so he picked her by the pussy and pressed harder and harder.

"NOOOO! My pssuy!" cried Batgirl. Joker said:

"Tell me what this stone is and hoiw to use or I rape you!"

"NOOO!"

"Okay, say now or I rape your dog and the hamster too!"

"NOOO, not them, okay I tell you. It's a egypctian stone, put on forehead and turn devil king!"

"Very good, you're a good girls, now come here!"

"NOOO! You said you won't rape me!"

"I said I won't rape the animals!" and them Joker creshed Batgirl trousers with his hands. Batgirls panties were pinky, very nice. Joker them put his white and dirty hands there.

"You haven't cleaned your hands! Harley Quinn would never let that pass to her!" said

batgirl.

"Okay" so Joker puit bleach on his hands.

Batgirl put her panties down and got wet, because Joker was sexy. He got strontg and masculine in the last two years, he wasn't the dirty stinky and got no poo int he ass anymore. Yes, the life coach was giving results.

"Be gentle with me okay?" said a lust filled Batgril. She was hating herself doing that, but that was a good oportunity to be with a real man. Robin was such a wuss, and his dong didn't got erect for a long time. Most of the time she had to make it out alone, with three fingers and lubrificant, because Robin's body was hairy and she prefered very bald body men's, like Joker.

Joker penis got vvery big. 30 inches and ahalf, full of veins and no hair, just like the likes of Batgirl. Her nipples got very hard and when Joker toched them, milk started to flow.

"You're lactating Batgirl! You're pregnant!"!

"Yes, but not with a baby. It's lust!"

Joker liked and pressed the nipples. A lot milky got out and Joker opened the mouth of his and started to drink.

"You milk is bittersweet!"

"Sorry, I'm menstruating..."

Joker them went to the bloody pussy. It was full of worms and bacteria, because batgirl turned hippie, and got no bath the past three weeks. It was full of granola, because it was healthy. Joker went with his mouth to pussy and starteds to eat the granola. It wa a bit rotten, but got a fine flavor of womans sweat with fly's egg.

Batgirl picked yogurt nerby and poured on her belly, and it got on her pussy too. Joker chocked. The yogurt entered his nostrils.

"You bitch Batgirl!"

"Fuck you Joker!"

She them spread the yougurt for all her body, to the arms and the the armpits. Joker the went to the armpits and started to lick them, felling the yogurt flavor and a tuft of hair Batgirl never shaved since her debut ball. Incredibly, her armhole was very clean, well, comparing to the rest of her body, bewcause it was full of barnacles and crawlers. Joker liked. He was living on barnacles at Arkan last year. The food was very bad.

"Joker, stop with the preliminary, got to the full frontal fuck!" shouted Batgirl. She was aroused. Joker them put his thirty inched dong inside batgirl and started the thrusting. It was very slow, because it was very heavy. Joker had problems when he was a kid. When he played soccer with the other kids, his dong shaked and trembled franticaly. It was an almost separareted entity, living on his own conduct, getting hard when Joker was less than pensive. "Shttiy dong!" he always thought. When he was the goalkepper everyone aimed to the dong and blam, semen exploded from his member all over the field. Those kids really liked a snow feast every now and then.

"Joker, go faster, I fell like a slug is in my pussy. It doesn't even tickle!" Joker god mad and tripled his sppeed. Bagirl them moaned like a koala, moving her legs like a kangaroo jumping in the hot desert plains of Austria.

"OHHHH JOKER, YOU ARE GOOD!" moaned higher batgirl, as the menstruation blood got forced from her vagina. The blood got all over Joker's face and he licked it, even with the cannelures and sea sponges.

"Don't stop, don't sopt!"

"I never will my love!"

Joker recline himself over Batgirl to kiss her. But she refuse:

Bruce Wayne was paying a visit to Detroit City, because a cousin of him was very sick. So Bruce Wayne went with his choffer there, but was very cautious, because he took his Bat-Suit with him.

When the choffer arrived with the limo, Bruce got out of his car and entered cousin Oliver building. It was a very tall and dark place, full of gargoyles and lightened torches all over the wall. As Bruce went up the stairs, he noted the hand-rail was full of a strage white sticky goo, "Maybe it's hair gel" he thought. The stairs creak very much and looks like the place is going to fall apart. Them, Bruce Wayne found cousin Oliver room, in the last floor of the building.

But something was strange, the door was opened and incense's stench was flowing out of the room. Bruce ran inside the fast he could with the heart throbbing in fear of something bad...and it was. Cousin Oliver was naked, on four on the ground with his ass filled with cheap trash burning incense. Bruce Wayne them went to the other side and saw Oliver's eyes, bulging and bleeding, and something strange scared on his forehead. That was a circle with a flower upsidedown.

"Damn, those bastards killed Oliver...I must go to the cops!" said Bruce, shooting a photo of the forehead mark and collecting an incense's copy from the cousin butt. He closed the door of the apartmement and went to the police station.



When Bruce arrived at the police station, he told the cops what happened. But they just didn't care. Corruption was prevailing on Detroit City, and no only gives a damn.

"Aright, let me talk with the commissioner..." said Bruce to the fat cop in front of him.

"Ah, I don't think so...the commisioner is dating a whore and I don't want to disturb..." answered the pig faced cop, with a cigarette on his mouth.

"Oh yeah, allright...say him that Bruce Wayne's been here..." and Bruce started to walk away.

"What, Bbbrruce Wayne?! Commissioner, Bruce Wayne is here!" shouted the fat ass pork.

The commissioner emerged with a whore by his side from his room. His eyes got big and he went to shake hands with Bruce.

"Mister Bruce, what a pleasure! Wha...what brings you here?"

"Looks like you put to good use the money I donated last year. Your slut is very beautiful. She wasn't cheap, was she?"

The commissioner adjusted his tie and swallowed a gob.

"Mister Wayne, I can explain..."

"Don't need, I just want to report a muder, my cousin got killed in his appartment..."

"OH my God mister Wayne...who could do that?"

"I don't know, this is why I need you to discover."

"Don't be afraid mister Wayne, we have the best detective here on precinct. He is our most awesome cop in activity...Robocop! Come here!"

The giant mettalic bionic man emerged from an obscure room in the back of the building and started to walk to the Bruce's direction. The pumping-metallic steps was very distinct, thought Bruce.

"So you are the best they have here, isn't it?" asked Bruce.

"Yes mister Wayne, I can kill in five million thousand different spots on the human body." answered the metallic cop.

"Hum, okay, let's go, I wanna you to solve a mystery with me..."

And them Robocop followed Bruce Wayne. When they arrived with a taxi to the cousin building, they entered it, going up the stairs till the room of the murdering scene. But, as they went in, no more body. Cousin Oliver vanished! What they are going to do?

This is when they hear a scream outside the window. A woman is hanging outside of the building, grabing a gargoyle and almost falling on the ground! Bruce hears that, but Robocop is there! How could Batman save the woman? Bruce them says:

"Robocop, use the phone and call the fire department!"

"I don't need phone, I have direct contact with them..."

"Now I'm fucked" thought Bruce. The woman screamed again, but this time she was falling. Bruce had no time to think, he simply picked his mask, put it in front of Robocop and jumped from the window. He started to fall, seeing the woman falling too. Batman nose dived very fast, reached her and held the girl with his strong arms and with a quick movement, used the Bat-Rope on a gargoyle, swing with the woman to the safety again.

The woman was in shock, so Batman took her to a room and knocked the door. As the resident opened the door, Batman raced to the top floor again without been seeing. He entered the cousin's room and Robocop was there.

"You saw everything Robocop..."

"Yes, and when I come back to the precinct, they will extract my memories and analyze, discoverying your identity."

"Holy fuck! Are you going to arrest me?"

"No, you are an agent doing vigilante work in a city were cops don't abide the law. I defend law, not the system."

"There is a way to extract your memories before they know everything?"

"Yes, but it will involve your masculinity."

"My what?"

"I need to fuck you Batman. This way, my memories backup is ejected from my butt and we can delete what is important to preserve your identity."

Bruce Wayne stood in awe looking to Robocop's face. He must gives away his manhood to be Batman again, or face the consequences of his life saving deeds.

"Why you memory backup is expelled when you fuck?"

"This is a method to preserve my intimacy. If I want to sleep with a whore or a male escort, it's my right to delete my sexual encounters so no one acknowledge it's existance."

Bruce put his own hand on his chin and thought a bit. That wasn't something Bruce would like to admit. Bruce have a reputation to preserve, even if he likes young lads. But Batman suffered much abuse in his life. Losing his anal virginity will be only one more faithful act towards the welfare of humanity.

"Alright Robocop, you can fuck me, but let's go to a motel, I don't want to violate my cousin's private space."

"There is a problem Bruce. I'm not with my penis now. I can't fuck you."

"What? Why your not with it?"

"Because today is a workday. I only attach my mechanical penis at weekends."

"That's going to be a problem. Let's go to the precinct so you can pick it."

"Impossible, they only liberate it's use at friday nights and I must return them at monday morning."

"Shit!"

Bruce Wayne them put his Batman suit to prepare mentally for that demanding task. He must now discover a way to makes sex with Robocop, because it's monday. If he waits till friday, the cousin killers will be untraceable.



It was evening and the streets were dark. The street lamps were all trashed. This is the perfect disguise to Batman and Robocop's serching.

"Alright Robocop, we must find something to attach in your crotch so you can fuck me...let's search the garbage."

Batman and Robocop entered a dark alley and started to look out in the trash for some phallic object that could be attached. Batman them said:

"Look Robocop, it's a flashlight, do you think you can use it?"

"It's too small Batman, I need a 8 inch good metallic part. This shit is made of plastic..."

Batman them searched more, but no use. Batman them remembered his Bat-Utilities-Belt. He reached for it and found a Bat-Smoke-Greanade, cilindric, 8 inched and a good titanium metal cover.

"Robocop, I found it, but you must be very gentle, or you could put off the grenade pin."

Robocop picked the grenade, attached in his crotch and red lights got immediatly red on the greanade's body.

"What's this Robo?"

"It's means I'm very excitted, your ass is very round, and I love leather clad men."

"Woah, I never saw my ass, I guess the leather modeled him very good. Bu now Robocop, we need lube, and I don't have any, only boot grease"

"We could use my lubricant oil, its a bit old and need a change, so there's no problem wasting it."

Robocop them pushed a button on his left buttock, liberating a good dose of oil in his penis grenade.

"This grenade is very large Robocop, don't go fast, or you will rip my hemorrhoids"

"Demand computed, I'm adjusting the pumping pressure. It's adjusted to level three from ten possible levels of pleasure."

Batman them cracked open an abandoned warehouse, a famous bum's community. But today the vagrants are partying at the beach, making orgies and drinking hot beer.

There's a dirty bed full of dandruff and pubic hair. The semen is still fresh and smelling very bad, all mixed with black red blood. Probably a hobo was fucking the unwashed, dung filled, hemorrhagic ass of a tramp. That was the only usable bed, the others were all shredded, covered in vomit and worms.

"Robocop, you stay under me, Im not touching this AIDS covered shit!"

"Computed Batman. I don't need to move myself, my adapted penis is capable of indepedent movements."

Robocop laid on the bed, waiting for Batman ass to come and involve his machine pumping ready member. Batman removed his gloves, his pants, his cape and his shirt. He was only dressed with his boots, to not touch the bed, his Bat-Utilities-Belt and his mask. His dick was very hard, because this was the first time Batman would make love with a cyborg man.

Bats them sat, and the metallic cilinder slowly opened his ass. The old oil was helping a lot, but Batman found a problem:

"Robocop, it's so cold here..."

"No problem Batman." and them Robocop activated the thermal transporter unit, heating the penis-grenade to the temperature of human body.

"Aawwwww...that's better...you know how to please a man Robocop..." said Batman, moving his body up and down on the titanium power rod. The artificial nature of that android could matter less to Batman. He could feel a heart beating inside the steel covered chest.

Batman, still being penetrated softly, reached his hands on Robocop's thighs. The hardness of that machine-man was very ostensible. The stell of his legs was very sensual, resembling his Batmobile bodywork.

Robocop was liking too, despite his dull counternance. He never penetrated such a strong man as Batman. With his hands, he gently cherishes the scar laden back of the man bat, feeling every imperfection and brutality his lover sufferend throughout his life. For this moment, he can ease the pain that lonely man stands every day in the violent and dark streets.

The two loving beings were feeling a strong bound, because the daily hardness and drudgery blocked their hearts to the little pleasures a man should have in the most intimate moments. They could understand one another, could share their traumas and loneliness, could love again, if only for that night.

But them, the men reached their climaxes. Batman could feel his penis dripping the primal juice of life, ready to discharge the load of lust all over the heavens. Robocop was in the same ecstatic state. Batman couldn't hold it anymore and the semen got spurt all over the place, filling the warehouse with his most deeper feelings. Robocop them get hid of his body preclusion and let the oily juice flow it's way. But the Bat-Grenade was blocked by the pin, blocking the oil passage. It started to shake causing more pleasure to Batman and them, the pin got dissolved by Robocop's oil semen, releasing the gas inside Batman's rectum, while the oil flushed inside the man bat. Fumes could be seen from a good distance being expelled from Batman's ass mixed with old machine oil.



The other day, early in the morning the two lovers woke up. They kisees one another and them, Batman saw something:

"Look Robocop, your memories backup, now we can save my identity."

"Yes, it's correct Batman."

But there was something Robocop wasn't telling Batman...something...sad.

"Robocop, I collected this incense and shoot this photo from my deceased cousin. Do you have something like this in your memory bank?"

"Let me analyze...analyzing...analyzing...analysis complete. Crossing the information on both subjects, I found this connects with a group of new age hippies called 'The Return of Flower King'. They worship seventies crap bands and sell secondhand 'The Mamas and the Papas' t-shirts to crazy old ladies living in the suburbs."

"They look dangerous, I guess we should check them..."

Batman called a taxi and both Batman and Robocop entered, going to the lunatic hippies headquarters.

After a while, they arrived. That was a strange place, a big castle covered with grave flowers and smeeling incense everywhere.

"It's the same smell I felt at Oliver's place." said Batman.

Robocop them analyzed the place with his thermal googles:

"There are three individuals inside. The have no weapons and look very aged."

"Hum, strange...I think we should eavesdrop..."

As they apporached the place, Bats saw a circle with a flower upsidedown inside the building walls thru a window.

"It's the same symbol, these people must be involved in the crime."

Batman lockpicked the door and them they entered. The entrace hall was narrow and full of old vinyls. As the heroes aproached another door, a gas leaked in.

"Batman, it's a trap" said Robocop in a monotone voice.

"Now we're seriously fucked Robo!"

The two men tried to open the doors, but all locked. They were feling dizzy, the gas was affecting them. After a mintue, they passed out.



"Wake up you bastards!" shouted the old hippie slapping Batman's and Robcops faces.

"So you want to invade our divine shrine, don't you? "

Batman got control of himself again. He and Robo were chained to a chair in them middle of a big room, with three hippies looking at them, and a legion of zombies behind, waiting orders.

"Why did you killed Oliver?" asked Batman.

"We didn't kill him. He is reborn like the others. We taught them the hippie way of life. They fight against the Vietnam, the corporate corporations and the pottery industry. Now, they will be our sexual zombie slaves!" cried the mad hippie.

"You bastards." said Robocop with a monotone voice.

"You can't understand, the dream must not end...the peace and love is eternal!" MUAHAHAH!"

The lead hippie snapped his fingers and the zombie legion moved towards the heroes.

"Fuck!" said Batman, "These corpses are going to eat our brains! We have no hope Robocop...it's all over, if only I could kiss you again..."

"Sorry Batman, it's sad our relationship ends this way."

The zombies are aproaxing the heroes, everytime nearer, everytime faster...and them...they stop. They are completely immobile, doing nothing and only staring Batman and Robocop.

"Batman, these zombies aren't goint to eat us."

"Looks like this...but why?"

The mad lead hippie them shout:

"Why you fuckers stucked? Come on, eat the bastards!"

Batman looked down, thought a bit, and understood:

"You, shit hippie, told me that you taught them the hippie away of life, didn't you?"

"Yes"

"This is elementary my dear smelly, disease laden, inintelligent animal's friend. The hippie way of life means peace, love and and a meat-free regimen. These zombies only eat vegetables."

The hippie understood, looked down, clenched his hands, looked up and uttered:

"NOOOOOOOO!"

"And there's more. My friend here only eats car-oil, I eat bats and rats. But you three, I believe, are full of delicious fruits, green plants and muesli inside your stomachs."

The three hippies looked one another in horror. The zombies looked one another in joy. Now they're going to eat good and healthy food. The undead started to move in the hippies direction. They were encircled and couldn't escape. Oliver was the first, ripping the lead hippie belly and opening it's stomach with his own nails. The hippie bowels fell on the ground, and it was stuffed with delicious grass. But the zombies didn't want to eat, because there's blood.

"Don't be afraid zombies", said Robocop, "Their blood is full of vitamin and minerals. The iron is good for your heart."

The zombies smilled and started to eat the three hippies alive, drinking all of their blood, eating the bones and licking the skin. They only left intact the meat, because it is sin.



After the crime was solved, it's time to depart. Bruce Wayne was holding Robocop's hands and looking in his helmet covered eyes.

"Robocop, you made me a new man, it's a shame we need to go separate ways. Will you remember me forever?"

"Yes Bruce...yes."

And the two joined their lips, doing their last kiss. Bruce them waved his hand, entered a taxi cab, and went away to Gotham. But Robocop didn't tell Bruce that his memories of their love night will exist no more. They must be erased together with the knowledge of his secret identity, for the sake of Batman's crime fighting for the humanity. It will be as it never happened. But one thing Robocop knew. He won't have the memories, but his passion and strong feelings will be forever in his heart. That can't be destroyed.

Wolverine abandoned the X men. He couldn't manage to stay side by side with Jean Gray, because his love for hear was enormous, and no one would understand the marriage of a beast and a psyonic lady. So he parted ways. He didn't even said to Xavier he was going. He just gone.

But many days passed, and he, the brutal warrior he was, can't find a job because of his muscles. The only job he could find was of a waste collector. So he jumped on the truck and started to collect garbage houses. It was a hard job, because of toxic waste and broken bottles, but he managed to work a lot, and the profit was not bad because he did overtime.

Apart from the job, he was only thinking in Jean. He misses her so much, he didn't said goddbye. "Good by Jean" he wanted to say, but he was a coward. So, one day, Logan was on the Garbage Truck when he collected some trsh, but something was strange. A body was moving inside the trash sack, so Logan oppened it and found...a BODY! It was Kitty Pride, completely nude and covered in shit and banana peels!

"Oh My God! KITTY!" Logon held her with so much fury and disdan. Who could do such a dispicable act? Wolverine got angry, and decided to swallow his pride and takew Kitty to Xavier's house.

"Xavier!"

"Logan!"

"I'm sorry Xavier, if I hadn't parted, this could not have happen!"

"Logan it all your fault! Why such a strong and capable warrior cannot take care of his woman? Now Kitty has been made a whore to these ants!"

Logan lowered his head in discommodity. Kitty was stinking dog's turd and j]her mouth was full of ants. But he could only think about Jean. Jean could forgive him. So he went to talk to her.

"Jean, I'm sorry, this is all my fault!"

"No Logan, you are a cowar! How could you abandon us?! You said you never abandon me, never let me down. Now Scott is taking care of my life and making me had sex with him...look what you have done! I hate you! I hate you with all of my hearth" amd she turned her head away from Logan. Logan's fury got bigger, because a beast cannot confront his inner turmoils. If the wolf looks at the eyes of a man, it can't turn away the sorrow of his puerile desires.

So Logan went away to medicate. Butt Storm appeared.

"Logan, you did wrong, now your sins are going to search your entire life"

"Storm, you are the only one that can help me recover. I feel my heart faniting and succumbing to master beast of delusion"

"Don't pain Logan, a woman is the way the feral claws of insanity would never emerge from your soul. Take my hand and lets pull the answers from your mouth" so Storm took Logan to the danger room. There she programed a bed, and tables to put wine and cheese.

"Logan, lay down." and Logan laid. The digital bed was conforting, like the days he did sleep on the fluffy grass of the jungle.

"Logan" Storm said, "close your eyes and you will repent your sins." so Logan closed and he felt, the passion of her hand walking thru his nude and hairy torso. Her ebony hand was soft and cottony, covering him with the purest lust of a carnality ridden woman. She knew Logan was fragille, so she went slower. Logan almost feel a similar feeling, but he did forgot to mention that.

Storm nails started to screch Logan's nipples. He felt a delicious shill go up his spine and go down agian. It was like an electric bolt, going up and down, up and down, till the charge becomes neutral. But Logan's charge never went neutral. He was a man of action, a man of insense passion, so his baterries were always topped at maximum speed. Storm knew that, and started to go faster and harder, disrotting Logan's skin from his muscles.

"AHHH, Strom, you are ripping me part!"

"No Logan, I'1m purifying your shame, taking appart the lustful entities dwelling at your mind"

Logan got a boner, because Storm was hot, so he grabbed her boobs. But she slapped him.

"No...no...no...no. My man, you will follow my orders. Be a dog of eroticism!" and Logan knew the bad was happening. In a moment, the day got cloudy and started to rain. Stom's eyes turned blue, and she invoke the power of times:

"My furious weather, bring me jolt!" and lightining bolt from the sky striked at Logan's penis.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH, you are toasting my dick you shit wirch!" but Storm was in control ,so she invoke another storm.

"CABRUM MMM!" and the thunder stroke on Logan's penis again. His dick got hardder and his lust went to insane levels of passion. He couldn't stand this. So Logan grabbed Storm neck and force her lips against his own. Logan kisses her with his most tracherous feeling, but was not being responded. Storm spit globs of despise in his mouth.

"You bitch!" shout Logan while her body made full contact with his. Logan connected his penis with her vagina and started to make out with Storm's vagina was hairy like a dog's ass, so Logan's penis got cut with it while trying to fuck her. Some patches of the meat from hiis penis got amputated, but his lustful passion was more intense than the anguish, so Logan made a a full inside penetration, even with half a penis. Then, after some entering and coming out, all while spilling blood at Storm's face, Logan got hold of Storm's hand and commanded to the weather:

"Oh Mighty weather, strike me down a powerful bolt of glorious!" and a thunder went down from the sky, hittin Storm's ass , crossing her thight and hitting Logan's penis. Now Strom screams:

"NOOOOO! My ass in lightinig fire!" and Storm ass is covered with flames and small sparkles. Logan got so boned that the last bolt made him ejaculate inside the now melted in blood Storm's vagina. Her bones got melted too, and she felt on the ground making a splash. Her belly was turned up and she tryied to move. But her organs started to get expeeled from her body, because her ass got separated from her torso, getting Storm divided in two parts. Her heart got put out and blood covered the ground.

"Lo...gan...you...you killed...your master..."

Logan got confused. He went to Storm, feeling disgusted and ashamed, because his ineer demon took over again, and was responsible for all of that.

"No, Storm...don't die!" and Logan hugged her severed upper body. But, like it was a devil vursed magic, Storm's body got transformed...transformed...into Professor Xavier!

Logan let loose Xavier body and utterd:

"My God? Xavier? This cannot be!"

And a strange shadow appeared in the room, laughing maniacally and sneering:

"AHA...AH...HA...HAHAHA!"

"Oh NO! Jean Grey!"

It was Jreean Grey, the woman Wolverine let alone with his most greatest enemy. She got fiery eyes and globs of spit flowing form her hideous mouth.

"Is this something you did Jran?"

"HAHAHAH, yes Logan and all your fault. If you had not left me alone. No ome of these people would have died in vain!"

Logan covered his face and cried. The woman his entire live was dedicated to is destroying the dreams of all thoes inocent people.

"But, if this is professor Xavier, where's Storm?" begged for an answer Wolverine.

"I ate her, so her feelings, her passion is now imbued in my mind. Even you couldn't discover my illusion with Xavier! Now, I'm the most powerful mutant in the universe!"

So Jean grabbed Logan's neck with her mnetal powers. He got pulled from the ground and the adamantium in his neck snaped and a fracture opened. Now, a fatal bleedind is incurring inside his own body. If Jean continues to treat him like that, death certainly occurs.

But what Jean was not counting was that Kitty Pride was not dead. The intangible girl sneaked behind Jean and with a fast jump, entered Jean's womb. Jera' felt, and it was a bad sensation.

"What? Someone trying to foll me? No bitch can't fuck my red ass!" and Jean with her mental barrage started to strangle Kitty's neck. But that was a mistake, because Kitty lost grasp of her power, and the inevtable happened. Kitty materialized again, inside Jeans uterus. Kitty massive body made a strong pressure inside, and Jean vaginal muscles couldn't withstand the girls growing inside her. Jean's womb got colapsed in half, dislodging Kitty out of it in a overafall of blood. The bones from Jean's spines perforated her belly exposing her shit filled bowels. Jean, that was flying that moment, fell on the ground. The impact smashed Jean femur bones, and the shrapnels were so fast they smited Kitty's Pried eyeballs. Kitty screamed:

"uuuuaaaaAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!" and she got blind. A buzz occured in her inner ears. Kitty didn't knew, but a bone shreapnel entered her brain, hitting the broca area. Now, she is losing control of her bowel movemets and is shitting all over the ground, all while ruinning around waving her hands over her head seeking cover and deliverance.

Logan went catatonic. That was too much for him. To withstand, there is no more hope for that shell of man that bleeds on the ground. His mutant healing power tried to heal the bones fracture, but the spine in hios neck was so dislodged that an accumulation of calcium happened, inflatting his necks skin with so much forming bone. The malformig was so cancerous it spread all over his body, covering Logan with bone tissue. This immobilized him, forming a crust around. He was like a seashell, but only the opening for his neck existed. All around was covered.

Jean was agonizing on the groung. But Wolverine, inside his beast filled rage, coulkdn't let that woman die, not without making a baby first. So Lagan threw his body over Jean. Logan's penis pressure perforated the bone covering his body, and penetrated with his penis inside her stomch, because bellow that area only grinded putrid meat was left. So the fast movements began.

Logan was so excitted he started to grabb Jean's boobs, and they were lactating, but with BLOOD! So Logan put his mouth on her nipples and started to suck all blood from it. This cause a deflation on Jean's breasts, because blood was being drained by the beast man. Logan started to bite the breaest and eat it. He was so fast, after some minutes only holes covered with ruined muscles were left at Jean's chest. But not ofr long. The holes started to get filled with her pus infected blood, forming two pools of disgusting maggots were her breasts were.

Logan has felling it coming, the ejaculation was just beggining...and he spilled loads and loads of cum inside Jean's pulsating vein ladden stomach. But that turned out a bad idead, because the gasttric acids started to form and twirl inside her because of the irritation. The gastric juices started to enter Logan's penis thru his pissing hole, filling his blader with consuming mortalizing liquid. Logan burned inside and his lower body started to melt too. Logan's nuts turned inside out and exploded.

Kitty were lokking at all that astonishingly. She never had any excitement or adventure in her life, but that horrible vision of a slaughtered couple was something someone can't undervaluate. So she started to masturbate her clitoris with her fingernails and hands. But it was covered with shit, so she spread dung all over it and therefore, shit entered her vulva. The shit had some grains. It was because she ate whole beans and they couldn't get digested in it entirety.

Kitty was so lustful she need to participate at Logan's and Jean's party. So she went there, picked some Jean's blood that was on the ground and put on her vagina too, mixing with the turd. Kitty Pride was open to new experiences, and she tried every possible movemet on her vagina. Butt her hands were not satisfying anymore. She need something more consistent. She looked around and saw Xavier's dying body. He had no salvation, so Kitty went here and picked seven inches from his spinal chord, making for her self a penis made of bones. It was the perfect dong. The vertebrae covered on the verteblal column, when entering the vagina, make it tremble and shake, like a vibrator, but it don't need electricity.

So Kitty went with the spine fucking, goind in and out with hjer sex toy, but that was a dangerous play. She was awkawrd, and after some movements, she reached multiple orgasms, ones she never had any with Kurt, that little bastard. But that was the last one. She, in her glory moment, drilled her liver with Xavier's spine. She coughed blood and her eyes started to cry. She was hearing a funeral march in her brains:

"Noo...I don't want to die!"

So Kitty went to Xavier and picked a vertebra. With it she opened Xavier's skull, exposing his brain. She them put her fingers inside the encephalic mass and started to move in all directions, trying to acchieve some effect. She was a foolish girl, playing with forces she unknown. When she did the brain mixing, All of the four X men got lifted from the ground. Xavier powers were alive! But Kitty messed them, and Jean, Logan, Kitty and Xavier started to twisting and fly all over the place, spreading blood, internal orgas, bowels, shit, cum, maggots and menstrual fluid.

Kitty tried to do other movements, squeezing other parts of Xavier brain, but Xavier groulled with pain. That was the last straw. The four X men got sucked in one place, in the air. Xavier mental powers were squezing them, crushing all over their bones. Jean's skin fell on the grond completely snatched, Logan's Adamatium got expelled from his body boling Logan's ass, Kitty legs and Arms exploded and Xavier's face disfigured.

Kitty caused a mini black hole, so they where being suck inside. The black hole was so tiny the could not fit there, but the gravity was infinituous. Three days straight they got pushed inside the vortex, and one by one their organs got crush with the gravity. In the last day, only their head were alive, but that was the last day. First, their ears got sucked, and them thier nose, and the eyes. Logan snezzed because of the irrtation and Jean felt chills. The heads got sucked inside slowly, forming an amorphous glob of meat, blood, bones, and sadness. It started to twirl and thrblle , and Logan's last tear got spilled. The mass of meat exploded in millions of pieces, destroying the Xavier's house and never after that event someone heard of the X men again.

Blossom was flying in the air, smelling the marmalade sky of ther Townvile's skies. Her sisters where flying along her over the city, shoving maelstrom pleasant kisses to pitifully sad birds.

"Blossom!" utter the blondie blondie greild, Bumbles.

"What is it dear pleasantry sista?"

"Oh, I have contispation."

"Oh sista, come to my bossom, I'll cover you with love!" and Bluubles goes, and hugs the little red headed horny girl.

Buttercup wasn't confortable with that situation. She don't likes transference of love to the hearts of unhappy couples. She is alonely, she haves a dark heart of destruction. And it's doomed to plummet down to the skies of unholy lactation.

As the girls flew in the heavens, Blossom huuged the Bubbles, and they got wet. Buttercup them coundln't have it anymore. She shouts:

"Nopes! You can't touch yourselves without my self approval condolences!" and she punches heavly in the face Buuble to the air, who flies like the lightining stairs of Andfromeda to the outer space screaming like a raped middle aged wapanese kangaroo.

"Godmmanit Buggercup! You took my love away from my bully breasts and sent her astray to the final doom of the vaccumm filled innocent space!"

And Buttercup felt the pain…the pain that rages in the hearts of warriors, of milk dressed amozons. That cannot be right…she must does somethnigs…it's her sista, the only pilgrim that lasts from Doctor Utonium promised utopia.

After the professor Utonium got dead, the girls went a downhill slope of self fish behavior and utterly destructive massacres. "That unfair!" tohught Blossom when her father death hisself. Mojo Mojo was his antagonist, the one that took his life, without a unique blood of mercy in his bones. Utonium last words to his daughters was:

"My dears, please, never touch others girls vaginal liquids, you can get Ebola." And he died. This event was so traumatic to Blossom that she killed Mojo Jojo with her teeth, and he exploded in a thousand of bananas shells. All got worse. Buttecup turned Emo and cut her waists, Bubbles got genital herpes through contact with deceased roadkill pussies…and Blossom…oh Blossom…she never recovered from that disgrace. But she maintained a more or less faithful position to her ideals. But she turned into an empity sheel of what she was.

Buttercup is now thinking about what to do, when Blossom gaves idea:

"Buttercup, we must go after her!" and Buttercup agree. It's a good plan.

So, they follow Buubles blue trail of love to the outer space. They went fast, passing thru Jupiter, Mars, Venus and then Saturn, when the trail was not more presence. Buttefercup looked the next near planet, Mercurio, and said:

"Blossom, she could have fallen on that one!"

"No, it is not possible." And Buttercup got sad. It was cold there, because it was far from the Sun. Sheets of ice where forming on her clothes and frosting the leaking milk from ger lactating titties.

"Buttcup" said Bolssom "I know where Buubles whent."

"Yeah? Where?"

"To the future."

"How?"

"When you punched her, she flew to the space. She then acquired speed passing on the tangent of the planets, acquiring acceleration from the gravitation speed. This cause her to go over the spped of light, and she transported to future!"

"Oh no! What have I DONES!" and Buttercup emo suicidal tendencies took over her platinum soul, suffocating her new will to alive one more day. She go sad, and picked a screwdriver and then…punctured her belly with it, perforating the stomach, the kidneys and the BOWELS! Blood sprayied on the space and tears flowed from her saponaceous bitter eyes.

"My sista! Noes!" cried loud Blossom, who got totally terrified by that unravel of self torment. "Buttcup, I will no let you die!" and Blossom caught Buttercup with her shoulders and flew towards the Sun.

They went there direction, and it got heater and heater. The fire balls from King Star Sun got throwed at the grils, but Blosoom avoid. Sahe got near and near, and their clothes started to go burn. Fire and lust emerged from their skins as the foreskin of Sun got a Boner. Sun looked to their eye and said:

"Youy shall not PASS!" and the bruissed Buttercup cried as their magnificantifous Solar Star got angry at then. But Blossom is a hard one, so she fights against the supernova waves of high level x ray lust radiation.

"Nope girls, you will DIE!" cries the Sun with a thunderous voice of castrated deer rapists.

Sun put his hand at his junk, and started to masturbate. The girls are near, they must avoid the fiery lava cumshot. Sun gets next to the climax, the fluid core of the Sun produces more and more pleasantfully agony filled addicted sperm. Yes, he goes, he is going…my God…nOOOO!

Sun spurts a giganticful mass of destructive plasmoidic veneral diseases, cointained with the most dangerous species of moss and hornyful bacteria. That brimstonic storm of fiery liquid semen unleashes his Sun AIDS to the most maidenly comets and asteroids of the Solar System, breaking the hymens of the very reality itself. Time and space starts to dissolve and ejaculate.

"NOOOOOOOO!" cries Blossom with a flirtative desperated pain as she feels and sees the universe as we know it turning into a self folded tampax origami of saccharose.

"Yes PowerPudd Girls!" utter the moistenized Sun "I shall dominate the seven laws of phisycs! No more I will be slave to Betelgeuse sexual deviances! MUUHAHAHAH!" and Sun opens its carnicerous mouth to eat the heroic girls that fought with justice.

Blossom, still with Buttercup on her shoulders, starts to flew to the oposite direction of the Sun, to escape its mouthbreath of prognosys. But it's hard to get away, the reality is collapsing and she must avoid colliding with the self interlacing planes of dimension and other parallel existences. The Sun comes near and nearer every second. Buttercup weight is just too much, and she knows it:

"Blooson" moans Buyyercup, with a frail voice as her bowels hangs out of her scarred and drilled stomach "you must let go off me...or else...we both die..."

"No! I canno't let you die here...you my sista! We toghter must save Biibles!"

"No...you must save her...I shall die here...cause all this is my faultness...my emophillic tendencies condemned all the galaxie. So long sista..." and Buttercup let go of Bloossoom caressful care...she is starting to fall...getting pulled by the gravitational phield of the Sun...Blossom screams...but her voice can't be heard...it just evaporates before reaching the ears of a falling green clothes clad girl.

Buttercup clothers are burning, and she gets nude with the temperature. All the sheets of ice that where covering her skin are now gone with the heat and her boobies now expell dozens of pounds of boiling blooated milk.

Sun laughs withh his open mouth...the Sun doesn't care...he molds the reality at his pleasure...he just can't understand the love...between...sistas...

Bloosomas eyes get teary. Her sista body is engulfed by the maddening flames of hate at the core of our, 'till this moment, most beloved light donor benefactor. The Sun swallows the dying girl, and she is no more seen.

"BUTTERRRRRRRRRCUP! NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" cries with lungs allmost asploding the Blossom girl. She can't belief this exorcism...first...her father...then...Buubles...and now...BUTTCU! She is alone...in the middle of a space-time collapse...no one can helps her...no one is at her side. So far, she managed to be the stoic girl, fighting agaist the sadness and decay of mind and soul her sistas had fallen. The only thing that managed to not let her lose her mind was her own family...but now...it's gones. She...is...lone...

Sun is at his most appex. He looks to Bloosm, some few light years from his position, and brags:

"HA! You girl...is puny. Cxome one! You think you can fight me?! No...YOU CAN'T! You are just a jealos piece of immature unsexxed pussycat! Go away and live the rest of your existance in a bottom line retardant asteroid. I let you live...I let...because...I'm a GOD!"

Bloosm crying eyes are exploding with fear, with unceartaintly. She doesn't know what to do. Without a friend, without reason. But the rage tooks her body all of a suddem. She remembers her parent, her sistas, even the enemies that the life she took away in a momnet of uncontrolable rageness. The memories are all tht remains...and she must fight for then...because...it's all that's legt.

"SUN!" utter with discrepanceticous flaccid abhorrence the red hornied missy child "you...never...be...PARDONED!" and she flies to his direction with coconuts in her belly, urging for a blood, urging for the retalaiation she sworn to avange.

"Comnes on! I'll put you to a fetus filled black holed graveyrard...you floozy WENCH!" and Sun clenchs his fists and races toward the elimination of that humanly pityful threat. But Blossom is not a minimal threat...she is...a GIRL!

As Blossom aproaches the Sun corona, her senses start to fade. First...her eyes melt in a peaceful sad condor. But she don't care. Them...her hearing feeling is expurgated from her carnal vessel. But it's useless...she doesn't need it anymore...not to where she is going. Then...her tongue unleashes blood from it's papillae...turning the battle of her life into a sour memento of the universal destruction unfolding before her lovely mute skin.

"Quit it sultry girl..." telephaticaly transmiths the Sun to his Antagonist "you are dead...go away and I'll let you lives...in a disabledful way! HAHAHA!" mutters with bragshful utterrance the self uncontious Sun. But Blossom don't care anymore. With the last energies that last in her body, she is miles away from the Sun. Her skin turnend into roasted eyebrown coal, and her bones are collapsing in a dust of cadaveric pulsar. But the energy of love for the humanity permits the continuation of her quest.

Bloosm, without her senses, nor her touch feeling, nor her carnal sensory senses, doesn't know where to go. But she lets the passion guides her...the passion...for a better world. Sun is only a mile away...her hair is catching fire and fumes are exhalating from her internal organs. Her teeth exploded into a thosandful pieces o bloody dust and her heart only beats for a miracle of love. She have only one chances...only one. Love guides...it tells her where to go...to the dick...to the dick...to the dick...and she ENTERS! Bloossom infiltrates Sun engorged urethra, and he is totally consterned with abomination. "No...she cannot do it!" and Sun starts to masturbate furiosly again, to extrincate Blossom from his precious solar dong.

The ret-hot steaming blobs of reality warping semen are ejaculating from Sun's ball sacks, and, as they pass thru the urethra, the very lasts pieces of flesh and mortal cells dwelling over Blossom's body gets stripped way from realitty to a void in time space continuum. But Blosom heart is stronger, and even without a mortal vessel to carry it, it continues on it's jouney to the Center of the Testicle.

"No! This cannot be! You can't rape the penis...of a GOD!" but Blossom already did it. Her last remaining piece of flesh, her heart, reaches the centre of Sun's semen generating gonad. It is filled with star destroying pulsars and dwarf stars, slaving to maintain the circle of jerk that permits to the Sun control the very fabric of reality itself.

Blossom's heart goes to the center...the very center...where a minuscule galaxy made of erotic homogenous black holes is. She aproaches it...and she senses the hate of the Solar System's Sun...all of his Hatred against humanity...all the false gods praised and loved in place of him. The justifications of his acts are embeded inside this little shiny piece of black emotions that composes his very soul. Ra, Amaterasu, Apollo, Helios, Sol, all the false gods for whom the humanities crimes against nature where comiited. She now knows why he did this...but she can't forgive...he have no right over anyone...he must not continue his quest to destroy everythnig...he muyst be stoped.

"No...please...I beg forgaveness! Don't put an ends to the reign of calcium nirvana I've putting to the generations of man! You must let me LIFE!"

But Blossom doesn't want to forgive...she must stop...him...she is...failling...the heart...is stopping...one...more...breath...one...more...

Her heart acumulates the only left power to it...the heart knows...this must be done. Blossom's heart enter the black hole gonad...it pulsates...the black hole moans...and..."BOOOOOOMMMMMM!" a Supernova of Sacred Savage Semen explodes iside the ball sacks of the Sun...he screams...but the obliteration is total...the cum spreads all over the glaxy...the universe. All the realirty getts bukaked in the face by that explosion of fruitful penis juice caused by only one thing...the love for the others, the love...of BLOSSOM!

Sun evaporates in a flood of cosmic seminal gust. The spoace and time starts to come backs to its place. The realities are turning to normal. And one person...appers again in the right place. Buubles comes back from the void of non existence. She saw everythnig. The fight...Buttercup dead...Blossom sacrifice. She just thinks:

"What have I done to my life...Blossom...and Buttercup...you...showed me..." and Buubles cries as the universe turns to a state of normality. But...there is no more Sun...no more Earth...the Solar System is gone. And her sistas. Buubles is the last remmant of an era. The last human alive in the middle of a pool of cum flavored universe. And her constipation continues.

Doug got abducted. The aliens made terrible experiments with him, torturing that poor young soul that had no big expectations in his life. The aliens were cruel and vicious, not forgiving even a defensless idiot like Doug. He just wanted to go home and find Patti to look at her and feel the passion. But that was a distant dream for the boy now tied to a cold and shrewd bed like platform. Probes got insercted in all of his orifices, collecting data to the evil plans of those unnatural invaders.

As Doug got examinated, drills started to perforate his frail skin. He was lucky, because the alien technology advanced to a level were no blood could be spilled from the body by the surgery equipments. However, the didn't know anesthesia, so Doug nerves were throbbing and trying to move out of his flesh, to escape the torment and lancinating pain inflicted at them. Doug eyeball were red, the veins got expanded and his nails got black. He was feeling the death approaching, the death grasping his hand to take him away from that sorrowness. The hand of death was cold, was bland, was...very sad and dark. And then...

"Wake up Doug!"

"What...it...was a dream?!" said Doug opening his eyes trying to make sense of all that. He looked around, he was in his bedroom. He looked his skin, it was normal, no cuts, no holes, nothing. He felt relieved.

"Doug, you will get late to school!"

"I'm going mom!"

Doug went down the stairs racing against time to not lose the bus. He just snatched a piece of cake and glupped a soda.

"Goodby parents!"

"Goodbye son!"

Doug run fast and got the bus on time. He couldn't keep that nightmare out of his mind. It was so real, so, truthful. He never had such a horrendous dream before. He had ro tell that to Skeeter.

The bus arrived at the school, and the first person Doug saw was Patti Mayonnaise. She was beatiful as alwas, were a very mini skirt. Doug got out of the bus and looked at her. Her legs were shining, she probably rubbed a skin cream to make her flesh so appetiziing. And her chest, it was bigger than normal. Could be the bra? Doug was getting very excitted because he was entering the puberty. His member turned from flaccid to hard, and his eyes were fixed on Patti's body. Never before she was so tasty. Doug them felt his member muscle moving and throbbing. Could it be? He can lauch the juice in his pants, it would be a shame, everyone will laugh at him.

And then, when it was going to get out to wet his underwear, somethnig different went out. A big flash of laser got ejected from his member. It was hot and burned a hole in his pants. He was not understanding all of that. He felt uncontrolled and trying to stop it. But it was useless. The death laser ray got straight to Patti's eyes, penetrating her brain and exploding it in a thousand of pieces. Blood flew all over the school, burning the students's skin because the blood was boiling with the high temperature. Skeeter was there and his hand got hit by a glob of the mortal blood. It instantly dissolved, exposing his bae bones, that were quickly eaten by passing starving pitbulls. They attacked Skeeter without mercy, opening his chest and devouring his innards. Doug was looking completely shocked the laceration of his best friend.

The mayhem continued because Doug's ass expelled hundreds of tentacles filled with sharp razor blades. There were a lot of them, moving frantically pickeing the unlucky students runnig around. One of them was Chalky Studebaker. A tentacle lifted him in the air, and other two started to rub his body violently, cutting and tucking his skin. The bleeding was insane, he was losing the blood very fast, because the tentacles were inexperinced. One of them entered Chalky's ass and started to move in and out, crushing his bowels. A puddle of shit got ejected from Chalky's anus, because he lost bowels control. Chalky's eyes rolled up in anguish.

"God" he said "kill me...please" but God could not hear him. He was alone, and no one would help him in his last hours of life. Two tentacles them turned to his faces. They marked his eyes and very fastly, entered his skull through the eye socket, exploding them in all directions. Chalky's pain was so strong he started to colvulse. But the tentacles would not kill him...not yet. They started to rub and thrust Chalky's brain, causing strokes. Thhey them found his center of control, and them, they had total control over Chalky's semi dead body. All of his movements were under control of the tentacles. But Chalky's was still conscious, but nothing could be done.

The tentacles controlled Chalky's body and he move to Beebe Bluff. She was completely freightened, on the ground in fetal position. She saw the state in wich Chalky had been submitted and put her hands on her mouth. She screamed so much her vocal cords collapsed. She got mute. Chalky's body the grabbed her arms and ripped them of Beebes body. She immediately few on the ground as the blood got pulsed out by the wounds. Chalky picked her bra and slashed it, revealling the purple lacttatinc tits of that girl. He put his mouth there and started to chew he boobs, puncturing marks all over them. She tried to escape, but three other tentacleswere holding her on place. Chalky's put his penis off and procceded to insert it in her vagina. It was very flabby, bacause she lost her virginity at kindergarten. The tentacles got very upset. They wanted a virgin, not a used pestilence infected whore. But neverthless, Chalky continued the penetration. With his hands he pulled her labia majora while thrusting the penis. It was so flaccid it could be pulled fifty centimeters.

Even though Chalky was being controlled and and was almost dead, he was liking. It's a shame he is now blind and can't see that foul body he is now ucking, the body he lusted for many years. Beebe never looked at him in the first grade. She just wanted to hang out with the grown up motorcycle rebel leaders. A sportsman like him couldn't satisfy her. He strated to smilled and took advantage of the situation. Because of Chalky's evilness, the tentacles let him go. They could not control a strong evil boy like him, so they let him in peace, raping Beebe. Chalky put his index fingers inside Beebes nostrils and started to rotated them, to colect some mucus. He flavored them, and got more excited, and started to thrust harder and harder, until Beebes eyeball got ejected from her skull. The pressure was too much. Chalky then ejaculated a insidious cum, full of venereal diseases inside Beebe. But that was not a problem for her. She had Aids since the third grade.

Doug was still shocked and went to see Patti's dead corpse. Her head was unreconizable. Brains and veins and artery were hanging out. Amazingly, her heart was still pulsation. Doug thought:

"Hey, if the heart is on, she is still alive. What if I declare my love to her?"

Doug thought a bit and said:

"Patti, even thought you cannot her, because your tympanum is at the schools's ceilling, I must say that...I love you!" and he kisses her jaw passionately, because the upper part of her mouth were nowhere to be found. He licked her black tongue. It was black because of the extreme heat, and it got roasted. Doug's didn't care about the horrible smell. That was the first time he was kissing the love of his life. However, he had to stop, because blood was flowing from her esophagus and filling the jaw. That doesn't matter, the kiss already happened. It's a shame her eyes were splattered all over the school courtyard, but Doug could imagine them while looking to her spinal cord coming out from her back.

The tentacles hanging out of Doug's butt where still moving, doing what they wanted to do.

Mr. Bone was standing at the door trying to call the police from his cellphone, but the tentacles saw it. They grabbed him and precedded to rip apart his ears, his eyes, his noses and his mouth. Only a disfigured piece of bloody meat was left over his neck. He walked the schoold lawn completly oblivious at what was happening. At least the tentacles had the compassion to let his hair alone.

Skeeter was still alive, and thedog went away with his inards. He got on four, trying to drag his body to hid himself inside the school. But someone was there, looking. It was Roger Klotz. He saw Skeeter and apporached:

"What's up Skeeter? Are your hungry? Oh, I forgot...you have no STOMACH! HAHAHA!"

"Ro...Ro...Roger...save me..." cried Skeeter, trying to grab Roger pants. Roger kicked Skeeter face, breaking his jaw and shattering all of his teeth. Skeeter fell on his belly, completely useless. A pool of blood was forming underneath him, because his torso was all open. Roger pulled his clothes off, and a hard and enormous penis appeared. Roger's dick was green, veins, hairy and disgusting. He never washed it.

Roger bent, get on his kness and ripped Skeeter shorts, revealling a clean and black green butt. It was full of candy and lollipops remains. Skeeter had an obssession with sweet, so he tried to have them all the time, even inside his anus. Because of this, a colony of ants were dwelling inside his bowels. The stinky smell was atrocious, bacause dead bodies of insects got left there by the ants.

Roger was so smudgy individual he didn't care. He put his penis inside Skeeter's rotten ass and started to fuck him viciously. The candy was a very bad lube, because of it stickness. Soon after the penetration, Roger's penis skin got bruised. The friction was heating it at dangerous levels, but he couldn't stop. His pleasure was maximum, and Skeeter was moaning like a dog in a puddle of vomit.

Skeeter was trying to talk, but the broken jaw would not let him. His face got numb and an acute pain was reaching his brain. It was like it was going to explode that minute. Jis nose started to bleed. His eyes got frenzy and he vomited blood and guts on the ground. Roger looked and felt more excited, and thrusted harder, and harder, and harder, and them...he cummed a black toxic cum inside Skeeter. His cum was so poluted it started to burn Roger's own penis. And to aggravate the sittuation, no skin was left on his dong. Because ogf the riction, the skin got ripped from the flesh, and the muscle are visible on his penis. It is bleeding and patches of muscle are starting to fall. It got tainted, and Roger will never uses it again. But he will not need, the gangrene spreaded all over his pelvis. Blisters formed and burst, liberating fetid unholy pus inside Skeeter corroded anus. They start to colvulse, and they die.

Chalky was still fucking Beebe. Her lacerated boobs were being consumed by vermin and parasites. Chalky, trying to control the girl, punched her in the belly so much her liver was teared. The contents of her cirrhosis''s ridden liver flowed from her tits. She smoked a lot in the fourth grade and now, she is paying the consequences. Chalky got impotent and his penis got flaccid. But he still tries to fuck her. But he is so tired, he can't even stand on his kness. He falls dow on his back, and Beebe use this oportunity. She reaches Chalky's penis with her mouth and bites it off, leaving a bloody cavity full of chancre. She chew the penis in her mouth and swallow, but that was an error. The tentacles infected it, and now, she is bloating like a flash and blood ballon. Her nails got ejected and her fingers fell down. The extremities of her body are now dacaying into a repulsive amorphous matter, while she inflates. Her volume got very big, and the now destroyed skin can't take it any longer. He explodes in a mess of bones, shit, diseases and cancer.

Whie the surving boys and girls are being drilled by the tentacles, Dou can't wait anymore. He pulls his penis out of his pants and enter Patti's dead vaginal cavity. She is still virgin, so Doug's drill her hymen, liberating a strew of menstruation fetid blood. He vagina is tight, but his hard pole can go thru it all. The rigor mortis is disrupting his pleasure a bit,bcause her uterus is hard as a rock and he keeps hitting it full forntal. But he continues, nothing can stop him now.

Doug tries to caress her skin, but its so cold and viscous. Even without head, Doug loves that girls, and wants to show how much. But the rigid muscles are spoilling the moment. Doug them get up and find a knife and procceds to rip of the muscles from her body. So, she will get soft and savour filled. One by one, Doug drag out the muscles, and the bones too. In the end of the process, Patti in pure skin, blood, veins and organs.

Her heart is still pounding. Doug grabs it and feels that this is the time. He rips of the aorta artery, and blood start to come out. Doug puts his penis inside Patti's heart thru the aorta and start to thrust it, with much pleasure and lust. He never thought that to conquer the heart of a lady he had to put his dick inside it. But now, Patti is his, and no one can break their love again.

After a while, Doug feels it coming, the pleasure juice is now flowing inside his dick and with a great splash, pervade Patti's heart, sedimenting they new found passion. Doug now is a complete man. He made his transition to the adult world. And everything is good.

Jan Grey had it being just a fighter. She wanted a diploma, but didn't knew what major choose. So she went to Wolverine:

"Wolverine, I want to graduate. What couse I must do?"

"Jean, will must go with something that pander to your powers."

Jean thought a bit and know what to do.

"Thanks Logan, you are very willing!"

"No problem, Jena, everything for your good" said Logan, looking to her pussy.

Jean went to Harvard and did a test. As she had not studied, she cheated reading the minds of some professors in the room. She got an A+.

"Whoa!" said a professor, "You are smart. No one hit all the questions so well. You can start undergrad next month." and Jean got very satisfied. But something worries her. Scott. He will not like his woman cleverer. His womanizing attitutes towards her harm her seek out for new life forms, interligence and wisdow. She must hide this from him.

After a month, she picked her schollbag and only told Logan:

"Logan, I go to the university now!"

"Oh Jean, I'm so happy for you, what major do you choose?"

"Atmospheric Sciences!"

"Great choice, you will be in the middle of good weather people there!" and Logan hugged Jean, sharing his composite with her. But someone was hearing the talk, and was seeing the hug. And was not pleased. But will wait to see Jean next moves.

Jean arrived at school and saw her first class. It was a boring explanation about Hadley cells, geostrophic winds, vorticity and all that fucking stuffed mix and shitting introductory material no one pays attention that will get proper re introduction latter in the course...maybe. Jean was trying to absorb the teacher's knowlegdges about meteorology, but that was a mistake. The moment she entered his mind, a jolt of pure mind melting disturbed grievances kicked her brains, liquefying a dozen of neurons. She stopped and cried.

"Who was your first day Jean?" asked Logsn the moment she arrived Xavier house.

"Oh Loga, I learned nothing, my head is no use to learn the mysteries of the universe." she cried with tears in her eyes.

"Jean, get hold of yorself. That was first day. The next ones will be worse." and he went to chicken to eat a fried kitchen.

Jean thought a bit alone while the shadowy observing figure smille with joyness Jean's fail atempts at superiory education.

The next day Jean went again, and the other day, and the other. The underrgrad life was so painful to Jean that furuncles grew on her butt. It was consuming her inner self life, briging donw her desires to advance academically and creating a pot belly on her. Pimples appeared on her face and some tooth fell. The decay of her persona was so visible Scott suspected:

"Jean, you are horrible! You looks like a fat pig after being maimed with a

turtle shell!" and Jean cried again. Scott couldn't understand her probation, the secret must be not broken. Otherwise, it's lashing in the pussy, untill a piece of flesh fall and rot.

She studied the mind of every inteligent person there, looking for the secret formula of success, when she found it! After some careful planning, Jean went to talk to professor Carbringer, the head of all meteorology deepartment.

"Professor, do you have time?"

"Oh Jean, how are you, talk, 'cause my wife is waiting at y shitty house."

"Professor, it's just, uhmm, how can I can tell you?"

"Jean, I think I know your problem."

"Oh yeah?"

"Yeah, come to my room." and she went with him. There professor closed the door from inside.

"Why you close door professor?"

"Oh Jean, dont be so little fool, do you want to graduate?"

"Yes"

"So, close your eyes" and she close. The professor went up a chair, put his sear dong out of his pants and inserted it inside Jean's open mouth. Imediately it grew hard and Jean surprised:

"Proffessor! Do you want to rape me?"

"Jean, is not that wath you want?"

"I'm going to get my diploma?"

"Yes" and Jean started to suck very hard her master cock. It was very old and used dick. No real distinctive smell, nor any useful features, just a regular and boring cock. For Jean, that was so discouraging, because that professor was very not ambitious. He just wanted a blow job, he didn't even cummed inside her mouth. The most wasted fuck that teacher could ever have in his life. Well, his wife was so prepuceously dragonish at her bruised face and her downthrooden breasts were so uncomfortably skinned even a rapist would have a flacid penis for over a year after ejoying that experience. Jean's mouth was like his inflated doll vagina, but moistier and that was enough for him.

"Okay Jean, you are dismissed, don't need to watch more classes. Come back next week and pick your diploma with me."

"Thanks teacher." and Jean went home very happy. She was graduated and had meteorology knowlegde, because she absorved that knowlegdge from students minds. But someone was watinig her:

"Jean, where you have been?" asked Scoot.

"Oh Scott! Please, don't hurt me!"

"Hurt you? Why?"

"Because I frequented college and graduated."

"What? When? How?"

"This month, Logan covered me."

"Why have you hide from me this all?"

"Because you hate knowlegdege girls"

"No Jean, I like, wath madde you think that?"

"You keept looking from the shadows at me, smilling at my fails."

"But..." but suddenly, a voice appers from the shadows:

"Oh poor Jean Gray, how stupid!"

"Stor!"

"Yes, me myself. I cannot permit you to overpass me at this house!"

"But Storm, " Jean says "I only got a diploma, not your place!"

"Yes, but will, now you have mind powers, and meteorologyt powers!" and Storm throws a bolt of extrme lightining at Jean, but Jean now know the weather, and she dodges it.

"Dammn!" cries Storm, throwing another bolt. Jean dodges again, and invoke a tornado.

"Storm! Stop or I'll have to flush you!"

"No Jean, I'm the best climateer!" and the two woman throw gust of wind one another. Flying jets go all over the place, destroying tress, cars and spreading dog's shit all over the neighboorhood. The clothes of the two girls get shreded by the power of wind and they get completely nude. The two woman are flying still throwing winds, but the jets pass thru her vaginas, making they moisturized beause of estimulation. Storm the invokes somethnig:

"Sky, get ice over us and kill Jean Gray!" and hail fall from sky all over the fluing girls. But some hails Jean get hold, and she test on herself:

"Let's see the quality of your little icy toys!" and Jean rubs her vagina with a hail piece. It's very cold and her spine get chilled. "Oh Storm, you know how to manufacture cold sex joy!"

Storm them brags:

"Yeah Jean, it' the experience of the older ones." and Storm aproaches. Jean is still rubbing her pussy, and Storm invoke snow. The two girls get upside down, and let some snow flakes land on their pussy.

"Storm, you are an artist. You really knows how to prepare a pussycicle!

"Thanks Jean, let us mix flavors and see how they behave under extreme conditions!" and them Jean and Storm unite their frosty vaginas. The girls start to rub on another while in the air, making rally good movements. Scott is on the ground down there looking his wife cheating him with Storm, but he doesn't care. He just pull his pants down and start to jerk off. Logan join Scott at the masturbation.

After some minutes rubbing, the girls feel it coming, their female fluids fall flaow down their hairy vaginas. It very pleasurable.

"Oh Jean...you have a nice vagina."

"You too Storm...even if it looks like a old granny head."

"Old granny head?"

"Yes, the pubic hair is white, it smells like addled propolis and make strange farts thru the vulva."

"But old lady don't fart thru the head."

"Only when they open mouths!" and the girls rested a bit while in the air.

"Hey!" shouted Scott and Logan down there, "Dont stop now, we are almost cumming!"

"Oh these boys" said Storm. "Let's continue!" but when the girls started to move, they had a very bad surprise. Their vaginas were glued by the cum, because it was snowying and temperature frosted it. They tried to pull off but no use. The girls started to get nervous and got a nevous breakdown. They shaked and moved trying to free themselves, but after so much abused, both vagina got torn appart by the effort. Jean and Storm severed glued vaginas started to fall to the ground, but before it reached, Logan grabbed with his mouth and ate. The cold brought his feral side to the surface and he was hungry. Scott didn't like.

Jean and Storm started to bleed seriouly, and their destryied vaginal arteries and veins pulsated a shower of blood over Loigan and Scott down there. The two men fought for some blood, licking the ground to consue that pure result of two womens love. The girls astarted to fall on the ground, because lose blood affectedd their fly.

When they fell, Logan went to protect |Jean:

"No Logan, you're not going to eat Jean this time!"

"Get off my way Scot! Look to that bloody frosty pussy! So creamy, the perfect yocunt!"

"No Loga, she is my wife, you fuck Storm!"

And Lgan started a fight with Scott. The suffering girls could only look, because they were nearly finished. But Storm wanted the last dance with Jean and said with a lugubrious:

"Jean, let us give our last pleasure, to celibate our incontinent love!"

"Yes, do it in the ass!" said a sad dying Jean and the two girls put their index fingers on the poop hole of one another. After some pleasurable initial stimulation, the face of the truth showed t them. They were anally inexperient, so their fingernails made terrible cuts inside thier bowles. The anal bleeding was intense, spurting jets of blood on the snow covered ground. A red pool formed below they and frosted with the cold.

"Sorry Jean, your anus is rejecting my fondness."

"No Storn, don't get moody...we in this toghter." and the girls hugged one another. It started to rain and the water cleaned their impureness. Scott got mayhened by Logan, but Logan was all burned buy Scott optic rays. Their penis were skinned, seveered and flacid. They could not cum to the girls nor fuck them anymore, because Jean and Storm died at this moment. But they died together, in a ballet of feminility and caressing that no man could ever understand.

"Look you mouth you shit! It's full of blood and shit over it, wake up and smell the coffee!"

Joker got sad, he's felling like a clown now. He enraged himself and went faster and faster them.

"That's how I like it you BASTAr...oohhhhhh...I'm cumming Joker!" and them Batgirl squirted all over Joker's body, blinding him briefly with all the pleasure juice that went in his eyes.

"Shit Batgirl, my eyelash's are sticking with your pussy snot!"

"Fuck up Joker and CUM NOW! I don't want it sex anymore, I'm tired."

Joker them went faster and faster ant them, the moment came...his flowing went like a river over the bridge of Kwai, the pulsation dong started the contractions. One, two, three, and the cum was going out in splashes. When it reached the thirty contraction, no more cum was inseide Joker's balls. His scrotum withred and got sad and very blue.

"HAHAHAHA, you now have a shit sack Joker!" laughed Batgirl as she smoked cuban cigar. She got it as a present from El President when she went to Cuba. It was a personal gift.

"HAHAHAH say I Batgirl, now you will be my sexual mindless slave, I cummed inside you pussy!" laughed manically as Joker went thru the door running preparing his next plan to use the egypitin stone.

Batgirl shuruged as she reached she pussy with her fingers. She the put out a Bat-Condom protecting cunt, filled with rainbow juice. It was very protective, and got jaws inside it, but Batgirl didn't need that cutting power for that day.


Batman and Robin are a now dead, in the bowels of hell itself. It was veery hot and got corpses moving and screaming everywhere.

"Holy Hell Batman, now We're Fucked!" uttered Robin.

"Shut up you bastard, I'm thinking!" screamed Batman.

That place was hot and had chains with corpses fumegating all over the place. The floor was made of human flesh, the walls made of shit and the ceiling was pure vomit spitting paraphernalia. Parasites were all over the place, eating the poor comdemned souls and vomiting on the throath.

"Let's go Robin, I have a good felling about this!"

They started to walk and them reached a chamber full of anally raping machines. They were being ocuppied by famous presidents, evil dictators and second rate actors.

"Look Batman, it's Hitler!"

Batman and Robin went to Hitler:

"Why you are here Hitler?" asked Batman.

"Because I have specisal privilleges" said the evil dictator.

"I don't think being drilled in the ass by all eternity is a privillege" said Batman.

"Weel, it's because you haven't saw what they do with priests the other room here..." aswered the Furer.

"Okay, have a nice fuck Hitler" say Batman as he went away searching clues.

"Well, I'm used to it" answered the dictor.

As Batman and Robin walked, they passaed different torture rooms. They found the priests one. The priests were arched and got their mouths in the penis of one another, in a circle of blowjob. Thre were thousands and the cum that got out from the dick of one to the mouth of aanother moved the very machines of hell. They where the energy battery of Hell.

"Well Robin, Hitler was very right about his privileges..."

"Yeah, imagine the eternity with my mouth on the hard and dirty dick of another man...that could cause bruises."

Robin got very philosophical that moment, he was lucky guy, even with impotence and erectille dysfunction.

Robin and Bartamn them found a throne room, and the Devil himself was there.

"Welcoime my special guest, come in and join me in a banquet!" said the big Deviul king.

Batman and Robin seated on the chairs. The were made of thorns and spears, entering Batman and Robin anal holes.

"Ouch! You dinning room suckes Devil!" said Robin very annoied with the spear in his ass and disgusted with the food on the table. Vermins, like spiders and rats full of diarrhea getting out from their pores and flies vomiting acid all over the food where the preferred dish of Devil.

"It as special food for special ocasion!" laughed Devil, as he picked a living dove and slaughtered it with his teeth, eating convulsely like a mown cow in the grass.

"You were expectiong us Devil?" asked Batman, thinking ways to bat out of hell.

"Yes, to collect my due Bataman!"

"What the fucked devil, we kill villains to you every day!"

"Yes, but the one I wanted you didn't!"

"Who?"

"The Joker!"

"Why you want him so much?!"

"Because he have a fine ass, and Hitler doesn't satisfy me anymore. I put him on the anal mow machine to see if it can correct his hemorrhoid problem. I hate to fuck a bleeding ass..."

"Sorry about that Devil..." sighed Robin.

"No problem Robin, it's not your fault, itss BATMAN!"

"Hey, stop that, the Joker is a hard one to Kill!" retaliated Batman.

"Alright, fine, so, Joker is not here, you is, and he isn't goinf to die anymore if there's no Batman to kill him. What to do?" asked inquisitively Devil.

"Well, maybe you can take us back to earth, so we finish the busines!" answeered Batman.

"No way, it's against the rules!"

"But you make them!"

"Uh, yesm that's true...but I don't feel like it"

"Fuck off Devil, if you don't take us back the Joker will depose you from your throne!"

"Hum? How's that?"

"He got the egipiitan stones, and he will turn Devil. He destroy earth and them you ass!"

"Nooooooooooo, I'm straight!"

"So, we have adeal?"

"Okay Batman, but you can't kill a Deivl with bara hands."

"Do you have an idea?"

"Yes, take this two tridents, they shoot onion bullets agains vampires."

"But the joker is devil!"

"Well no problem, if you shove this trident in his ass, he will die."

"Alright, I will do it"

"And me Batman?" asked Robin.

"You too dammit!"

So the devil went to the anally raping mchine rooms and went to Genghis Kanh.

"Gengis Kahn, open your butt, we have passenger!" demanded the Devil.

"But master, I'm dry, my ass is cracked!" said Gengis.

"Fuck, you must take care who fuck this anyway...now open!"

Gengis Khan opened his ass and a portal opened to earth.

"Now go, and kill that fine meat for me!" asked politely Devil.

"Okay, so long devil!"

They entered Gengios Khan butt and got transported to life.


"VOSH!" a vortex opened inside a toilet room and Batman and Robin were home.

"Let's go Robin, thes Kill Joker!"

When he dynamic duo wnet out the bathroom, the city was a disaster, buildings colapsed and dogs were licking cat's poo. Everyoine went mad and were shoving their fists in their own eyes, causing bain damage and severe catatonia.

"Holy fucked-up-earth-motherfucker Batman, now it went downhill!" screamed Robin

"No pain in the ass Robin, we will put this together." said calmly Batman.

Them, a ring went on Bat-phone. Batman answered:

The author – hi people! Batman and related character are not mine and I make no money with them. Very sad isn't it?

Now, my first Batfic. This was very hard. I tried to use everything I learned so far in this story. Blood even dripped from my neck! So, hiope you enjoy!

Batman: In the Bowels of Hell

The Joker was prepared to enter the musem. The clown of cime wants to steal a powerul jewel that has some mighty power to kill Batamn. Joker can't stand Batman anymore, the joke is over, he wants to killhim. Joker enter the museum with his minions and shoot to the dead the guards inside the public civil serving building. He them comes in and picked the jewl, it's an egypician one, from the Apolo's priests pharaoh.

"Finally, the day the Bat Man will die finally came!" laughed manically Joker, with a grim face in his smile. "BAT MAN WILL DIE NOW!"


Batman nad Robin are searching Joker, they diuscovered his now villain lair and wants to come in cuff the bastard.

"Robin, do you prepared yourself?" asked a care-worn Batman.

"Batman, I'm with much fear! Joke will kill us!" cried in pain and sorrow Robin.

Batman punched Robin face. One tooth fell.

"Stop being a wuss Robin, I trained you well, you will kill Jover!"

Robin was very scared and was biting his snails. But batman truts him, he must not fail.

Batman and Robin the aproach the villain lair, it's a funny park, with carrousel, roolercoartes and cotton dandy. But it was in misery, because Joker didn't clean the mess. Them, Bataman and Robin enterd the park with guns in hand, serching Joker. The went and looked everywhere, and Robin picked a cotton candy to feed himself, he was not good in stomach.

"Stop eat that Robin, it's worms!"

"BLEARGH!" Robin didn't knew the cotton was old, and got moldy from the rusty on the metallic covered floor.

They continued the search and found a clue, it's Harley Quinn suit, inside a laundry.

"This must be Joke lair!" said Robin, with many pride.

"If Harley is here, Joker is here!" said Bat.

What they didn't knew waas someone was observing them, with funny eyes and badintention.

Batman and Robin them entered a darkess filled and abandoned warehouse, full of raped manequins, with semen inside them, and it was rainbow colored semen.

"I think Harley Quinn left Joker..." noted Robin

"Why's that Robin?"

"Look those inflatable dools there"

"It manequins you stupi!"

Robin was goingo to touch the colored goo inside the maequins butt, but Batman intervened.

"Beuare Robin, Joker's dong juice is poison, it's transforms one ho touches into evil mindless sex slavery.

"But Harley Qunn?!"

"Shes imune, her juice counteracts Joker cum."

"But if he goes her back ass?"

"Hum, good question Robin..."

The Batduo them moved inside the dark room, and them, a voice:

"AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH, right were I want!"

"O noes Batman, it's tarp!"

"Shitt Robin, we're fucked!"

The voice activate a button and them, a jole opened below bat and Robin. The fell down inside a snake filled pit, full of snakes. The voice said:

"Time to die Batman! And Robin!" amnd them, the voiced apeared, it's Joker!

"Fuck you Joker, you never will kill us!" said Batman.

"No Batman, you already ded!"

"Shit Batman, the snakes are biting my dong! It's inflating like a ballon!" cried in pain Robin.

"Don't depair Robin, I have sanake repelant to kill snakes!" and them Batman reached his belt and killed snakes with snake pison. But Bat penis got bitter too, and Batman's penis inflated.

"Shit Robin, we'll be sterille!"

"Oh Batman, hug me!"

Batman and Robin hugged one another, one blood got out from their eyes. Them, their pupils exploded. "SPLORSH!" and the pit got filled with blood.

"HAHAHAHA, finally, the day I kiled the dynamic duo!" laughed Jokar.

Batman and Robin fell down, and their penises exploded, and they dead.


Next day, Joker hasn't discoverd how to use egypician stone. Soo he went to Batgirl's house keeking guindance.

He knocked:

"Who is it?!" Batgirl opnened the door and joker put a gun on her head.

"It's me cute!" jokes rspilly said.

"AHHH, the Joker!" and she kicked his groins! Put Joker is strong, so he picked her by the pussy and pressed harder and harder.

"NOOOO! My pssuy!" cried Batgirl. Joker said:

"Tell me what this stone is and hoiw to use or I rape you!"

"NOOO!"

"Okay, say now or I rape your dog and the hamster too!"

"NOOO, not them, okay I tell you. It's a egypctian stone, put on forehead and turn devil king!"

"Very good, you're a good girls, now come here!"

"NOOO! You said you won't rape me!"

"I said I won't rape the animals!" and them Joker creshed Batgirl trousers with his hands. Batgirls panties were pinky, very nice. Joker them put his white and dirty hands there.

"You haven't cleaned your hands! Harley Quinn would never let that pass to her!" said

batgirl.

"Okay" so Joker puit bleach on his hands.

Batgirl put her panties down and got wet, because Joker was sexy. He got strontg and masculine in the last two years, he wasn't the dirty stinky and got no poo int he ass anymore. Yes, the life coach was giving results.

"Be gentle with me okay?" said a lust filled Batgril. She was hating herself doing that, but that was a good oportunity to be with a real man. Robin was such a wuss, and his dong didn't got erect for a long time. Most of the time she had to make it out alone, with three fingers and lubrificant, because Robin's body was hairy and she prefered very bald body men's, like Joker.

Joker penis got vvery big. 30 inches and ahalf, full of veins and no hair, just like the likes of Batgirl. Her nipples got very hard and when Joker toched them, milk started to flow.

"You're lactating Batgirl! You're pregnant!"!

"Yes, but not with a baby. It's lust!"

Joker liked and pressed the nipples. A lot milky got out and Joker opened the mouth of his and started to drink.

"You milk is bittersweet!"

"Sorry, I'm menstruating..."

Joker them went to the bloody pussy. It was full of worms and bacteria, because batgirl turned hippie, and got no bath the past three weeks. It was full of granola, because it was healthy. Joker went with his mouth to pussy and starteds to eat the granola. It wa a bit rotten, but got a fine flavor of womans sweat with fly's egg.

Batgirl picked yogurt nerby and poured on her belly, and it got on her pussy too. Joker chocked. The yogurt entered his nostrils.

"You bitch Batgirl!"

"Fuck you Joker!"

She them spread the yougurt for all her body, to the arms and the the armpits. Joker the went to the armpits and started to lick them, felling the yogurt flavor and a tuft of hair Batgirl never shaved since her debut ball. Incredibly, her armhole was very clean, well, comparing to the rest of her body, bewcause it was full of barnacles and crawlers. Joker liked. He was living on barnacles at Arkan last year. The food was very bad.

"Joker, stop with the preliminary, got to the full frontal fuck!" shouted Batgirl. She was aroused. Joker them put his thirty inched dong inside batgirl and started the thrusting. It was very slow, because it was very heavy. Joker had problems when he was a kid. When he played soccer with the other kids, his dong shaked and trembled franticaly. It was an almost separareted entity, living on his own conduct, getting hard when Joker was less than pensive. "Shttiy dong!" he always thought. When he was the goalkepper everyone aimed to the dong and blam, semen exploded from his member all over the field. Those kids really liked a snow feast every now and then.

"Joker, go faster, I fell like a slug is in my pussy. It doesn't even tickle!" Joker god mad and tripled his sppeed. Bagirl them moaned like a koala, moving her legs like a kangaroo jumping in the hot desert plains of Austria.

"OHHHH JOKER, YOU ARE GOOD!" moaned higher batgirl, as the menstruation blood got forced from her vagina. The blood got all over Joker's face and he licked it, even with the cannelures and sea sponges.

"Don't stop, don't sopt!"

"I never will my love!"

Joker recline himself over Batgirl to kiss her. But she refuse:

"Look you mouth you shit! It's full of blood and shit over it, wake up and smell the coffee!"

Joker got sad, he's felling like a clown now. He enraged himself and went faster and faster them.

"That's how I like it you BASTAr...oohhhhhh...I'm cumming Joker!" and them Batgirl squirted all over Joker's body, blinding him briefly with all the pleasure juice that went in his eyes.

"Shit Batgirl, my eyelash's are sticking with your pussy snot!"

"Fuck up Joker and CUM NOW! I don't want it sex anymore, I'm tired."

Joker them went faster and faster ant them, the moment came...his flowing went like a river over the bridge of Kwai, the pulsation dong started the contractions. One, two, three, and the cum was going out in splashes. When it reached the thirty contraction, no more cum was inseide Joker's balls. His scrotum withred and got sad and very blue.

"HAHAHAHA, you now have a shit sack Joker!" laughed Batgirl as she smoked cuban cigar. She got it as a present from El President when she went to Cuba. It was a personal gift.

"HAHAHAH say I Batgirl, now you will be my sexual mindless slave, I cummed inside you pussy!" laughed manically as Joker went thru the door running preparing his next plan to use the egypitin stone.

Batgirl shuruged as she reached she pussy with her fingers. She the put out a Bat-Condom protecting cunt, filled with rainbow juice. It was very protective, and got jaws inside it, but Batgirl didn't need that cutting power for that day.


Batman and Robin are a now dead, in the bowels of hell itself. It was veery hot and got corpses moving and screaming everywhere.

"Holy Hell Batman, now We're Fucked!" uttered Robin.

"Shut up you bastard, I'm thinking!" screamed Batman.

That place was hot and had chains with corpses fumegating all over the place. The floor was made of human flesh, the walls made of shit and the ceiling was pure vomit spitting paraphernalia. Parasites were all over the place, eating the poor comdemned souls and vomiting on the throath.

"Let's go Robin, I have a good felling about this!"

They started to walk and them reached a chamber full of anally raping machines. They were being ocuppied by famous presidents, evil dictators and second rate actors.

"Look Batman, it's Hitler!"

Batman and Robin went to Hitler:

"Why you are here Hitler?" asked Batman.

"Because I have specisal privilleges" said the evil dictator.

"I don't think being drilled in the ass by all eternity is a privillege" said Batman.

"Weel, it's because you haven't saw what they do with priests the other room here..." aswered the Furer.

"Okay, have a nice fuck Hitler" say Batman as he went away searching clues.

"Well, I'm used to it" answered the dictor.

As Batman and Robin walked, they passaed different torture rooms. They found the priests one. The priests were arched and got their mouths in the penis of one another, in a circle of blowjob. Thre were thousands and the cum that got out from the dick of one to the mouth of aanother moved the very machines of hell. They where the energy battery of Hell.

"Well Robin, Hitler was very right about his privileges..."

"Yeah, imagine the eternity with my mouth on the hard and dirty dick of another man...that could cause bruises."

Robin got very philosophical that moment, he was lucky guy, even with impotence and erectille dysfunction.

Robin and Bartamn them found a throne room, and the Devil himself was there.

"Welcoime my special guest, come in and join me in a banquet!" said the big Deviul king.

Batman and Robin seated on the chairs. The were made of thorns and spears, entering Batman and Robin anal holes.

"Ouch! You dinning room suckes Devil!" said Robin very annoied with the spear in his ass and disgusted with the food on the table. Vermins, like spiders and rats full of diarrhea getting out from their pores and flies vomiting acid all over the food where the preferred dish of Devil.

"It as special food for special ocasion!" laughed Devil, as he picked a living dove and slaughtered it with his teeth, eating convulsely like a mown cow in the grass.

"You were expectiong us Devil?" asked Batman, thinking ways to bat out of hell.

"Yes, to collect my due Bataman!"

"What the fucked devil, we kill villains to you every day!"

"Yes, but the one I wanted you didn't!"

"Who?"

"The Joker!"

"Why you want him so much?!"

"Because he have a fine ass, and Hitler doesn't satisfy me anymore. I put him on the anal mow machine to see if it can correct his hemorrhoid problem. I hate to fuck a bleeding ass..."

"Sorry about that Devil..." sighed Robin.

"No problem Robin, it's not your fault, itss BATMAN!"

"Hey, stop that, the Joker is a hard one to Kill!" retaliated Batman.

"Alright, fine, so, Joker is not here, you is, and he isn't goinf to die anymore if there's no Batman to kill him. What to do?" asked inquisitively Devil.

"Well, maybe you can take us back to earth, so we finish the busines!" answeered Batman.

"No way, it's against the rules!"

"But you make them!"

"Uh, yesm that's true...but I don't feel like it"

"Fuck off Devil, if you don't take us back the Joker will depose you from your throne!"

"Hum? How's that?"

"He got the egipiitan stones, and he will turn Devil. He destroy earth and them you ass!"

"Nooooooooooo, I'm straight!"

"So, we have adeal?"

"Okay Batman, but you can't kill a Deivl with bara hands."

"Do you have an idea?"

"Yes, take this two tridents, they shoot onion bullets agains vampires."

"But the joker is devil!"

"Well no problem, if you shove this trident in his ass, he will die."

"Alright, I will do it"

"And me Batman?" asked Robin.

"You too dammit!"

So the devil went to the anally raping mchine rooms and went to Genghis Kanh.

"Gengis Kahn, open your butt, we have passenger!" demanded the Devil.

"But master, I'm dry, my ass is cracked!" said Gengis.

"Fuck, you must take care who fuck this anyway...now open!"

Gengis Khan opened his ass and a portal opened to earth.

"Now go, and kill that fine meat for me!" asked politely Devil.

"Okay, so long devil!"

They entered Gengios Khan butt and got transported to life.


"VOSH!" a vortex opened inside a toilet room and Batman and Robin were home.

"Let's go Robin, thes Kill Joker!"

When he dynamic duo wnet out the bathroom, the city was a disaster, buildings colapsed and dogs were licking cat's poo. Everyoine went mad and were shoving their fists in their own eyes, causing bain damage and severe catatonia.

"Holy fucked-up-earth-motherfucker Batman, now it went downhill!" screamed Robin

"No pain in the ass Robin, we will put this together." said calmly Batman.

Them, a ring went on Bat-phone. Batman answered:

"Heloo?"

"Batman! It's Batgirl!"

"Say..."

"Joker raped me!"

"Oh my God, you bitch!" uttered maniacally Batman.

"What is Batman?" asked Robin

"Batgirl fucked Joker!"

"NOOOOOOOOOOOO!"

"Fuck you Batman!" shout Batgirl.

"Go to the Batcave and take cara of Batgirl Robin, she needs Bat-Rape-Ointment!"

"Muhhh...okayy..." said Robin with tears in his eyes. He liked Batgirl very much, but now that she isn't virgin anymore, he was thinking in suicide.

Batman them went to search Joker. He went to the BatMobile and raccelerated with full gas. The earth was shaking and fire balls were falling from the sky. Bodies of the recently decensed were hanging on the skycrappers, and blood was all over Gotham's windows ands walls. Eyes balls got spalshed as Batmobile passed over them and pedestrians were vomiting their hearts in the street.. Them, a dog crossed the Batmobile, and Batman overrode the dog with the car tires.

"PLOFT!" the dog died slaughtered and his bones got throwed at the windshield, destroind it.

"Crap! Fuck this dog!"

Now blood in the air was trying to hit Batman, but he had BatMask.

"Let's activtate mask to not have AIDS!"

Let got faster, because a rain of shit was falling. Yes, Batman found joker, and he is now a fifty-foot-tall demon with fifty wings flying above Gotham and pooping all over it. The smell was unbearable. He had very tall dick, full of scissors that were cutting Gotham citizen.

"My good, he ate a skunk!" cried Batman.

The, Batman activated the Bat Robot inside his Bat Mobile, and the batmobile transformed into a Bat Robot. Them Batman flew in Joker's direction.

"Stop that Joker, you is infecting the city with bad smell!" shouted in the Batmicrophone inside Bat Robot to Joker Demon.

"You gona suck me Batman! Have my cum!" and them joker started to jerk off, spewing rainbow-colored-acidic-flames-covered cum in Bat Robot, because the gypytian stone turned his inner fluids into bad thing.

"My Bat Robot!" Batman did dodges to not be cum covered. But Joker had laser butt, and his ass shot a big ball of electric energy at Bat Robot. It got the Bat Robot and exploded it! Batman's dead body now is falling to the doom in the ground, among the dong and the voimit.


Robin was watching the news with Batgirl on tv:

"Oh my God! Channel five viewers, exclusive, Batman is dead! Joke killed him in a horrific way!" said the reporter on TV.

Robin said:

"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" and started to cry rivers of tears.

"Oh shit, Batman died! What should we do now?" asked Batgirl.

"I don't konw! If only we could impale Demon Joker with this trident!"

Batgirl them thought a bit, and had a idea:

"Robin, I had idea!"

"What it is?"

"I go there and flirt Joker, offering him my sexual favour, and you go back to him and kill him!"

"This is dangerous, we gonna die!" cried Robin as his eye got more teary.

"No! We win!"

' Them, they departed.

As the two reached Demon Joker location, Batgirl unclothed herself and put dildo on vagina.

Robin went to the back and waited the moment.

"JOKER!" shouted Batgirl, attracting Demon Joker attection.

"WHAT...IS...IT?" asked the big Demon.

"FUCK ME!"

Joker's mouth got wet as he saw naked Batgirl in the street. He the aproached and got normal size.

"So, you liked yesterday!"

"Yes, I want more. Fuck me with fifty feet tall dong!"

"That's what I thought!" and them Joker Demon's penis got very big, reaching the skies. As he aproached Batgirl, Robin went to his back with the trident prepared to shove in Joke's ass. Them he screamed:

"CHAAAAARGE!" but joker was fast and dodged the fatal blow. Oh no! Robin pierced Batgirl with trident! Her lungs got throw from her back to the ground and she sneezed blood. She, impaled with trident, started to vomit leeches, because she had intestinal infection.

"Robin, will kill me!"

"Sorry Batgirl, I didn't want too!"

"Robin, I have last wish..."

"What is it my dear?"

"Don't let Joker fuk my dog and hamster" and she died. Her body them began to unravel in a pile of blood and viscera.

"NOOOOO!" shout Robin as he run away in pain in his heart.

"Go you little bastart, go cry for your ffallen heroes!" laughed Joker with much pleasure in his dong.

Robin them reached the evil lair of Joker in park o funny. He went to hide himself and cry. But he entered in the room of cum filled manequins.

"Oh no, the poison cum!" said Robin, but he had an idead. He picked one of the manequins and went to Joker's location.

"You back you shit! I will kill you!" shouted Joker as Robin got back. And them Joker opened his mouth to eat Robin as a whole. He went with his mouth dripping corpses of Gotham Zoo and, when hee was going to eat Robin, Robin threw the maequin inside Joker's mouth.

"What? What you thow here!?" and Joker chew the manequin, swallowing the cum.

"NO, the Joker cum, you fucked me!" cried non believing Domon Joker.

He them started to diminish, getting smaller and smaller till his natural height. His wings exploded and his dick got 1 inch in length. And his mind snaped.

"My master Robin, I will serve you sexual desires til my death!"

But Robin was hurt. Everyone was dead. Joker is now a joke, can't harm do?

Butt Robin had an idea. He went to satanic ritual and invoke Devil.

The Devil appeared very wrong:

"Who disturbes my fuckery?" asked the Demon.

"It's me Robin!"

"Robin, you killed Joker yet?"

"No, but he is now my sexual slave"

"What, you didn't fuck his ass did you?"

"No, he is still butt virgin"

"So kill him! Why demand!"

"I have arequest, bring Batman and Batgirl to life."

"No, I alreay did Batman and he fucked up, no way!"

"Okay, so I will slash Joker's butt and turn it in a chopped pancake!"

"No! I want his butt intact!"

"We have a deal?"

"Okay! OkaY! Fuck you Robin, when you die I will make you suck my balls to eternity!"

And them, inside the satanic pentagram, Batman and Batgirl were reborn!

"Robin, you saved my cunt!" thanked Batgirl.

"And my butt!" thanked Batman.

"Now, kill the Joker" said the Devil.

Robin picked the trident and shoved in Jokers forehead, terminating him. Joker is dead.

"Very good, fareweel Bat fuckers!" and the Devil exited to fuck Joker.

Batman went to Robin.

"Robin, you proved yourself, now we want to give you present!" said Batman.

"What is Batman?" asked Robin anxiety.

Them Batman and Batgirl took Robin to BatCave and did orgy to him and he got erected the first time.

Optimus Prime is entering Megatorn secret base. The fight was vicious and the other transformers got caught. Optimus need to free them. Them, he enters Megatron knig chamber:

"egatro! Free my transformer pals or sufeer lead metal consequences!" shout Potimus.

"AHAHAHH! You will never defeat me Leader of the autoboys! The deceptcions wil rule the galaxy!"

"You will have to jump over my dead corpse!" and Optimus run at Megatron's direction, shooting blaster projectiles. Megatron runs to a secret chamber and Optius go behind. But it's a TRAP! Optimus get stuck into a titanium metal bar cages, and Megatron brags:

"Now Optimus, you will be my finaceer! Will help to pay my Death Satellite to kill the earth!"

"What?" and Megatron open his Spaceship and embarks the jailbirded Optimus Prime. He set a couse to a distant planet, on a galaxy far way.

After some weeks, the Megatron's space ship arrives at Tatooine. He seeks for Jaba the Hutt, who recieves him:

"So Megatron" say Jobba ", brought me the specimen?"

"Yes" say Megatro" where's the money?"

"Here, and it was very a good exchange I hope we made."

"For sure Jabba, now, here, your new slave." and Megatron lend Optimus to Jabba.

"Ah" say Jabba, "a new robot to my collection. You wil entertain my cotumers for some time"

Optimus is very angry and shout to Jabba:

"I'll never be your slave. You cannot control me!"

"Yes I can, if you try to escape, I will kill your cell companions!" and Jabba take Optimus to his cell. There, he finds the other prisioner Jabba was talking about:

"Hi, I'm Leia, this R2-d2 and this is C3-PO."

"Hi Lei,a I'm Optimus Prime, Leader of Autobots. What they are going to do?"

"Well, I don't know. Jabba said he opened a new service on Tatooine to entertain people from staying from other planets. I hope he don't kill us...if only I could contact Luke, my brother..."

"Don't be afraidd Leia, I will find a way out." and they waited and talked. Leia told about the rebels, Han Solo in the carbonite and her love for him. The next day, guards wakaned the prisioners and took them to the Colosseum. It ws very big, an was full of aliens and people from all over the universe. Jabba speakes at an microphone:

"Greetings dear customers. Welcome to the first Luxury Multi Species Colloseum of the galaxy! Here, our first slaves will have pleasures beyond imagination, and will please you too. Don't feel ashamed, put your clothes off and jerk at will. No extra expenses are charged by cleaning the place. Toilet paper is at your right side of your chair. Codoms are charged separately. Have safe sex...and let the show begins!"

Optimus are there, looking around seeing that multitute of people. He can do nothing, even if he tries to fight, Jabba can kill Leia and the others. They are fragile, so he must let go his pride and please that hautingly audience of pedos.

All of the five slaves have micro microphones, so wath they say, the audience can enjoy. Jabba firmed a contract with the costumers that moanings and profanities are a right they have, so the slaves must keep shit chatting while sodomizing one another. Prime sits on the dirty ground and wait. Leia comes near him:

"Oh Optimus, sorry that we met this way..."

"Don't be ashamed Leian, it's not our free will that approves this horrifying spectacle of pure sacrilege against flesh and circuits. It will be over in some hours." said the twenty foot tall robot.

Leia jumped on Primus legs and walked to his hips.

"Now Optimus, show me your metal cock." said Princess Leia with a moaning and whoring voice and readly, Optimus engaged into the sex serving mode. A hatch opened, and slowly, a cilindrical monster of lead and gold emerged from the opening crotch gate. It was shinning and was totally waxed. But was to big to Leia to be fucked. Forty inches of diameter and and six feet of height. Jabba was not pleased:

"How that stupid robot can penetrate Leia now? His dick is taller than me! Megatron fooled me!" regreted Jabba. He kept thinking about a solution.

Leia looked and, because the show must go on, she did her best while Jabba tries to fix the sittuation.

"Oh Optimus, I guess I have to tenderize you metal dick for me to fully apreciate it's wonderfullness."

"Leia, your leather clad bikini lighten up my boron buttocks!"

Leia rubbed with her stretched arms the metal dick, up and down, but it was dragging her skin. Even if it was polished and had no jagged edges, she needed to lubricate it:

"Prime, do you have something good to facilitate my work/?"

"Yes my power love. Here, have this squezing tube. It contains graphite. Just rub all all will be alright" and Leia did it. Her body got darkened by the graphite dust, but she liked it, and masturbating Potimus got very easy and pleasurable.

R2-D2 aproached Optimus and asked permission to land.

"Granted my fellow cilindrical pal, you can enter my dark caves of mystery." said Optimus.

"Blip Blop Blop!" said R2-D2. This was his first time fucking a robot. He was completely virgin, and was very ashamed he had to expose his intimacy in front of an audience of millions. But their lifes were at stake, so he must swallow all of his prejudcies and engage full head in this life altering experience.

"Leia" said Optimus," hang on!" and Leia hold very harder Optmus dick. Optimus got up a bit and gave space to R2-D2. Leia was hanging on Optimus dick while R2-D2 seached the best cordinates to penetrate Optimus experimental anus. Luckly for him, Prime's anus was automated to adjust the best diameter for foreign objects entering him.R2-D2 positioned and Optimus seated on him.

R2 was shaking and freightened. Optimus anal cavity was dark and moist, had some loose wires and was rusting from inside. He started to think sex was not made to coward robots like him.

"Don't be afraid" said Optimus to R2 "I'll help you!" and Optimus bowels lights got on. Everything wwas iluminated and R2 really saw what it really was. A beautifully adorned rectum, full of portraits of Prime's human friends that already visited the place. A camera apppeared from a wall and photographed R2-D2, and immediatelly put a portrait of him on a the bowel wall.

R2-D2 got very placid and calm. After he saw those happy faces on the portraits, he knew Optimus would never hurt him inside there. So, R2 looked around and found a button. It was an elevator button, that raised him up in the bowels. R2 arrived at a tight place, where his metal body got stucked. At first R2 got scaried, but them, the elevator got down, and got up, and down, and up, making a sine wave pattern movement with R2-D2. R2 thought a bit, and felt a pleasure down his electrical circuits and optical cables. Anal sex is like this? If it is, he really like a lot! He was upping and downowing, rubbing inside Optimus upper bowel. Paraffin wax got sprayed over R2 to help lubricate.

Optimus bowel's walls were made of carbon nanotubes covered with soft pinky pillows of pure petunia's cotton. They ajusted on the fly the pressure over R2 body and the elevator speed, acording to R2-D2 willingness to go deeper with his innermost sexual fantasies. At first R2 wanted togo slow, to fell the texture on his metal cover. But latter, his inhibition got away, and the elevator got faster, and Optimus got a surprise for him. Neon gas tubes apeared on the walls, and a range of different colors illuminate inside Optimus's ass with all colors of the spectrum. It was a really shame R2-D2 couldn't smell the daisy fragance permeating Optimus Prime's anus. R2 had no nose.

As R2-D2 was a robot, even infrared and ultraviolet colors appeared, and that profusion of rainbow happyness filled R2-D2 with the purest passion he never had from his robotic pairs. He always was considered the freak of the robot school. Every robot dispised him, because of his adventurous ambition. He wanted to see the stars, the other life forms. He didn1t want to be a hamburger frying slave all of his life, doing menial tasks that no one would remember in the future. No, he wanted to be remembered, wanted to leave a mark on history.

His robotic schoolmates were just stupid for him, so he picked fights all the grades he did. Trouble was hhis name and no one loved him, because no one approved his future plans for his life. But finally, he found someone robot that can see him from inside, someone that want to please him, that wants to give a hand and collect nothing in return. C3-PO is his friend, but Optimus is his lover.

To return the favour to Optimus opening his eyes to the sexual lust all robots should have in their lifes, R2-D2 started to expell small shock waves inside Optimus bowel, giving the Autobot the most tender demonstration of love and gratitute he ever recieved in his life. This action reflected at Optimus penis, that got slightly more elongated, something that pleased Leia:

"Optimus Prime" said Princess Leia with a sensual voice, "you are a very horny individual!"

"Oh Leia, don't say that. Actually, this is the first time someone rubs my dick."

While rubbing Optimus dick with her humid engorged vagina, Leia felt a bit sorry for that robot:

"Oh Optimus, you don't use your cock with much frequency don't you?"

Optimus lowered his head and sighed:

"...no. It is a problem being this tall. My autobot friends don't have sexual apeetites actually. Being the leader, I'm the only capable of maintaning sexual intercouse systems. No other autobot have it...and being anally penetrated don't really give me chills."

Leia got tears in her eyes. She embrace Optimus dick very hard, trying to consolate that lone robot...but life is not that easy. She wanted to be twenty foot tall that moment.

"Allright!" said Jabba to Optimus from the microphone "my engineers are going to adapt this organic penis at your crotch. This will give somethnig more consitent in terms of action to our marvellous costumers." and a couple of alien men went and started to addaptate the strange alien penis to Prime's body.

That penis was the property of a long dead alien. Jar Jar Binks to be more exact. After the jedi massacre by the Emperor and Lord Vader, Jar Jar was captured when he was hiding at Tatooine by Jabba's bontyhunters. He was tortured for a week without rest, and after that time, his body got quartered and his penis was sealed inside a carbonite container. A little trophy Jabba had been saving, but his new business need some sacrifices to be made, so now he uses Jar Jar's penis for a greater purpose.

After a while, it's done. The penis is active and Optimus can control it. His entire life he has been praying for a small penis, and now, he have one, given by his owner Jabba. Leia looked Optimus eyes and smilled tenderly. The Jar Jar penis got attached on the top of Optimus metal penis. It looked like a small phimosis.

Leia climb his metal dick and reach the top. The moment arrived, finally, Optimus can fuck. Leia slowly put his alien dick inside her wet vagina, and Prime enjoy. Leia doesn't even is felling ashamed of showing her sexual skills in front of millions of spectators. This moment is owned by the two, and they live it to the maximum their bodies permit.

But now, they are reaching their climaxes, and Optimus didn't thought a plan on how to go away. But Leia, while fucking looked to Optimus eyes and made lips movements, and Prime read her lips:

"Contact...Luke...his phone number...is...1...2...3...63...26...7.4...2...4...753.1." and Optimus did. No one could know he was doing that, they had no telephone jammers at the Colisseum. While in contaact with Luke Skywalker, Optimus gave him cordinates of Jabba's palace, and now, he can save Leia.

The climax arrived. This is the moment Optimus and Leia have been waiting, they consumation of their love for one another, the most pleasurable experience a robot can achieve in his fight directed existence. The Jar Jar penis is ready to cum...Leia's pussy is getting tighter...R2-D2 is already cuming his cumming liquids. ..and them...it fails. Jar Jar's penis get flacid and not a small drip of juice get out. It simply failed. Leia lowered her head, all of the costumers started to shout, profanize and throw tomatoes and lettuces at the sex slaves. Jabba got angry, because his plan got all wrong, and everyone want the money back. But the slaves will pay!

After they returned inside Jabba's palace, Jabba started to talk to them:

"Now, I gonna kill you all, starting by..." but he was interupted.

"Sir, Luke Skywalker is heading to our direction."

"Luke uh...the execution will wait...come on robots and Leia...you Optimus, stay in the cage, or Leia dies in the Sarlacc pit if I come back and don't see you!" and Optimus stayied at the cell. Leia told him to go away. Luke could save them. But he wanted to stay...his love for her created a strong bound between them. But no, the autoboys are priority...he must go back and save them. Optimus sneaked out of the palace and stole a ship and headed to earth.

While in the ship heading back...he felt something inside his pocket. It was a letter! From Leuia! It reads:

"Optimus, we are in middle of a war, and you and your companions too. But, after all of this ends, please...come back. Now I know who the men of my life is...it's not Solo, it you. I must stay with him after you depart...but if you come back...my arms will be open for you. Love you so much, Leia" and the letter ends. Optimus knew he had a long battle against the Decepticons...but one day...he will make his woman happy...one day.

Wonder Woman, Diana, was walking in the treet, when Ares, the God of Fight appears before her:

"Now Diana, the pricess of amazons, I will free the world from your feminine and soft hands!"

"Ares! What is your tomfoolery now? You cannot touch me, I am a God too!"

"Yes, I can't touch you, but my ultra dimensional vortex can!" and Arens summons a big black hole, that sucks Diana in.

She swirls and Twirls inside the vortex, and after a while, she is spilled to the other side.

"Ahhhhh!" and she falls on the ground.

"Where am I?" she ask, looking around seeing only a swamp. She is sunk inside some kind of sludge, that is sucking her in.

"Someone! I'm going to die!" but no one. Diana is glulping a lot of sludge, and she is turning green. The sludge is at her neck, and is sucking, sucking, now, she is completely covered eith goo...only her hand is out of the sludge. She is going to die...but...someone grabs her! And pulls her out! Diana is all dirty and foul covered, and she coughs moss and fecal matter.

"So, why are you swimming in my pool?" asks a strange voice. Diana is on four recovering and then she looks up, its an ogre!

"An ogre, are you going to eat me?"

"No, I'm a good ogre, I only eat meat and my wife's ass."

"Whoa...thanks," and she gets up "Im Diana"

"Oh, I'm Shrek"

They shake hands and Shrek look at her with lust and desire. Wonder Woman is so dirty, her hair have lianas and her face is covered with shit. The perfect woman. But there is a problem. Fiona, his wife, she will not be pleased.

"Come to my house Wonder Woman, my wife will take care of your delicious brusies."

They went to the house, entered and Fiona was there:

"Shrek? Who is this woman?"

"Oh, she was wimming at the pool, she feel here and wants to go back home. We must provide accomodations to the lady."

"Oh yeah?" Fione, that was cleaning dishes measured Diana up and down, and got jealous. She asked:

"How many times she will stay?"

"Oh" Diana sais, "tomorow I'll search for a interdimensional door, don't be afraid, I'll only stay one night at your house." and Shrek showed Diana to her bedroom. He was planning what to do with Fione, he needs to suck that start splanged pussy of Diana.

"Where I take a bath to remove dirt?"

The couple laughed. Shrek sayd:

"AHHAAAHAH, you already took bath! Our pool is our bathroom, there we pick water to drink, we dip to clean our bodies and we take a dump to deplendish our bowels."

Diana got grave, now she have to sleep feeling like a pork chop. She just entered her room and got to sleep.

"Well Fiona, let us sleep too." so Shrek and Fiona went to their bedroom and went to bed. But Shrek was waiting, just waiting Fiona sleeps so he can bang Wonder Woman in the ass. After some moments, he rose up and entered Diana's bedroom. She was scratching herself, because that waste on her body got dry and was itching. The foul odor permeating the room was addled and unsoud.

Shrek come toghter her and laid besides her. She notted:

"What are you doing here Shrek?"

"Oh, I'm just looking how are you passing your night."

"Oh Shrek, I think I cannot sleep, this shit is incomodating me."

"Oh, what a shame. Why don't you let me fuck you?"

Diana bulged her eyes and sleeped Shrek's face:

"You putrid asshole, so you want to bang me and them you spit in my cunt?!"

"Diana, think a bit. You will suffer all night and will not be able to sleep. Without sleeping you cannot find way to home. If you don't goes back, you can't kick Ares's ass. So, the only way to sleep tonight is sleeping with me."

"What?"

"Yes, you will forget to itching and the odor and will get very tired. Everyone sleeps after a good bang."

Diana thought a bit and knew the ttruth, she had to lend her pussy to an ogre today so she can fuck a god tomorrow.

"Alright Shrek, make me your slave!"

Shrek put his and her clothes off. That body of Diana was delicious. Her pussy had plants root coming out and caterpillars feeding from the leaves. There was a chrysalis hanging from her pussy too. It felt on the sludge before Diana came and it was going to die. But Wonder Woman's vagina saved it when she fell on the sludge, giving a new life to the butterfly that emerges from it now, and flies aways in a magnificent ballet of hope and lust.

Shrek pick the old now void chrysalis and put in Diana's mouth. She eats it with pleasure as Shreks kisses her with his gingivitis filled mouth. The disease is so aggraavated whan Shrek kisses Wonder Woman, blood start to flow form his mouth. Diana cough his blood and says:

"You bastard! Don't you brush your teeth?"

"Yes, but I use holiday mushrooms."

Shrek hands passed over Dianas back, where lancelets were procreating. Shrek let them alone. His big boner was incontrolable and he wanted to insert it full front in Diana, but she was cautious:

"So, you want to fuck me with this turd meat of your? You must be very gentle to not break mt hymen."

"What, how I'm supposed to penetrate your vagina without de-virginating you?"

"You are a ork, do what ork nows best!"

Shrek knew that was his moment, so he laid down and made Diana go up.

"Now Diana, Sit on my powerful oak tree. You will never fell another penis more natural and fibrous than this."

"Shrek, your dick is decomposing, how do you suppose to please me like that?"

"It's not decomposition, it's just my lube. It's made of dead squirrels and racoon carrion."

So Diana seated on Shreks dick, But she started to feel a bit sick, because of the sludge she swallowed. Neverthless, the up and down movements started. It was very hard on Dianas ass, all that rotten meat was making fricction on her ass.

"You ogre son of a moth! Find a better lube or I tell your wife you like to bang rabbit corpses!" Shrek got scaried, Fiona must not know, their marriage is by one string, one more error by Shrek and she puts him away and takes the house to hr. So he went to the ktichen and come back with something:

"What's this Shrek?"

"It's lard we use to clean the dishes. This portion was use only three times"

"Okay, just spit on it and mix to make a bit more moist." so Shrek did and rubbed the pig lar all over his penis. He laid and Diana seattend, and this time, the cock eneter more easyli in her ass.

All was going okay they were having a good time. Diana was upping and downoing, but something went wrong. Wonder Woman expelled a loud fart noise and some lard flew over Shreks face. Diana had gotten sick when she gulped sludge, and now, it pays off. A gallon of black diarrhea was proscribed from her anal cavity, covering Shrek with the most unsavory and bitter turd he ever presenced in his life. The velocity it got pulled out was so large, globs of shit, at the time they splat on Shreks pelvis, got spread in all direction, hitting the celling and even entering Shrek nostrils. Dianas legs got sperckled with bloody poop. A resident tapeworm lost her accomodation inside Dianas bowels when the turd got out, and is creeping over the shit filled bed sheets now. Diana is farting so loud, Fiona heard, and now enters the room:

"What the fuck? Shrek! Cheating me with a poop scathing lady? This have no pardon!"

"Fiona, I can explain!"

Fiona was upset, but that ghastly viison of brackish forceful poop scat rape made her all wet inside her parasite consumed vagina. She didn't want to know if Shrek betryied, now she wants tainted sex.

Fiona jumped on the bed spreading the shit even more. She cloth off her clothes and showed her pussy to Diana. Shrek was still laying, Diana was seatting on his dick and Fiona is standing on the bed. When Wonder Woman sees Fionas clitoris, she couldn't fail to notice. The orc woman clitoris was so big it could be confused with a medium sized penis. It is a shame most of her vagina is in a detestable state, full of abcesses and pus flowing from the holes the parasites ate from her fleash. But Diano went with her mouth wide open and licked all over that distasteful sex organ. Shrek was playing to, fucking Diana very hard.

The bedroom was stinking more than the swamp out there, but Wonder Woman was mad with the crazy sexual experiences she is having with pig faced couple she met some minutes ago. Never before her multiple orgasms reach the most heighneted sense of acomplishment and realization a woman needs. The couple of ogres was satisfying not only her body, but her soul, with the most lovingly act of passion she never recieved from her fellow amazons. But this moment is unique, the couple don't seek aproval nor profit, only the most primal urges of their senses. The purest form of love was happening there, and no one could destroy that precious and fantastic moment. Diana is now a complete woman.

The other day, Diana wake up, and in her tip toes, she goes way from Shreks and Fionas home, not letting they know she parted. After some search she found the vortex and went back home. Ares was wating.

"So Diana, I see you are adulterated and completely corrupted. Wgere is the powerful amazon now?" but Diana said nothing. She only walked way, with a naive smille on her face. Ares looked, and knew he lost.

Batman is having a birthdawy parts. He is vary hapy with his age coming to have a nice party so he goes to give a party to everyone he called to the party. Everyone is invited and they will bing presents to the man with the black cape and a black heart.

The guests arrive one by one. Super man, Spiderman, Wonder Woman, Shrek, Naruto, Dr. House, The Power Ranger, Conunt Dracula, Harry Potter, Sailor Moon, Santa Claus and Homer Simpson.

Other guest arrive two, both we are not going to name them. Yeti.

The pary is at the batcave, the most wonderful place under the earth. There are bat-shaped ballonns, cupcakes made of guano, creamcheese with bat milk and a big, gynormoustastic cake covered with furry bats. They give a special flavour to the topping.

"Botman", utter with happy Wonder Wome, "your pary is nice and all, but when we have time for us to be alone and fuck?"

"No Womder Wonean" cried Batan with sad periculous face at the amazonian godesses "we canna`t fuck in a special day like this. Do you remember we are postponing our nuptional night till our marriage day?"

"Good god Bateman, I have needs!" cries with utter despair Wonder Womand feeling her vagina drying because of lack of semen watering. Batman pee a little in his panties.

"Why women need to be so complicate?" asks Batman to his headmates.

In the otter room, Spiderman man is chatting with Marge Simpson and Dr. Houise and Power Ranger.

"So Marge," says Spierneman "I love your giantic towering blueish hairlines. They give me lotsa bonners!"

"No!" cries desperately Marge Sispons "I am maried Spiermen, and your in a realationshipa wih Mar Jane."

"I hate that bitch, I prefer milf like you little yellow doll. Are you`re pubic hair blue two?"

Marge gets very rosaceous and her pussy starts to smell macarroni. Dr. House feels inside his medical nostrils the strange smell and comments:

"Marge Sispsions, I suspect you have a case of auto immune disorder. You must find a medic now or you will die. "

"Oh Now!" cries like a shrieking manatee the yellow-skined hot body woman of Homer.

"Here is a the hospital adress. Got there quik or youll die now."

"Ok!" and she goes.

Power Ranger them gets confused and mildly sore in the butt:

" House , you are a docto! Why din`t you heleped the poor women?! "

"I`m am at party and didn`t ate the cake yet." and them Dr. House went to bathroom to masturbate.

"Fuck you" screams Sperdeman angry at Dr. Gergo Hous that Marge is now gone. "You are a cock blocker you godmannit fool docter!"

Doctou Housr just show the middle finguer while enter the bathroom with cock in hand.

Spiderman them needs to find another lady to fuck, or he`ll finish the night with blue balls.

In another room, a room with a colossal pool and lots of very bodalicious ladies (Batman paid for escort services to serve his guests at the party. Even thou they are all women, Batman knows that some women will like the women. The ones that don`t like are not his frineds)

In one side of the pool are Naruto, Santa Claus, Harry Potter and Robocop. The other side have Batman and Homer Simpsons:

"Guys" speaks with japanese accent Naruto, the boy ninja wonder " there is a distinct lack or girls this side of the pool, don`t you all think?"

"Yesd", says Harry Potter with the magic wand in his hand, very wooden and stiff "it appears that they only want the attention of Batman and Homer Simpson"

Homer And Batman were te other side of the gigantic pool, being kissed on the abs and buttocks by the paid escorts. Homer cock was rounded, and that was perfect for practing anal sex. Batman had a bat-shaped cock, that was perfect to practice threesmones.

"Godmannit" said Robocop with a sad mettalic voice "I tohught Batman only liked machine men..."

Everyone ignored Robcop.

Naturo and Harry Poet them decide to become man.

"Let`s Go Hary" sais Nauro, "let`s bang those hotties!"

"Won`t you come Santa Claus?" but Santa Claus was dead.

In another room, there wa Shreak, and Wonder Woman was riding his green pimpled cock.

"Oh Shrek! Remember the first time we sex?" ask Women Woman going up and down on that fetid scum of a troll. His smell was so putrid that even the bats of the bat cave died around him. A circle of dead bats circle the two lovers.

"Yes"

In another room. Dr. House is having an affair:

"Sailor Moon, I love you!"

"I love you two Dr. Gregory House!"

The japanse blonde girls of moon kissed passionatly the limp legged shell of a man named House. Even tohugh he was old and ugly, Sailor Moon protuded a girl bonner for him. He was masculine, misteriuos and very handsome.

"Doctor house, could you insert your cane inside my vulva?"

"Yes, I can, dear japanese blonde dream of my heart!" and them House put his cane inside her vulva. Imediatly she orgasms multiple times.

"Oh House! More More!" and House don`t know what to do.

"I don`t have another cane dear!"

"Put your penis too!" asks sultryly Sailor Mno.

"Ok!" and House inserts his rigid and muscular penis inside the girl vagina. It shreds her like a lemonad koala and she orgasms more:

"Ahhhhhhhhh! More!"

"More?! Holy Shitttttttttt!" and house don`t know what to do do.

Sailor mono is so orgasmic she thinks very fast:

"Dr. House, please, insert a bat inside my vagina."

Gregory Hoisue gets very excieted with the idea "hm, I love mammals on my dick"

So, the doctor pick a living bat and put inside Sailor Moons vagina. Now, she has a cane, a bat and a cock inside her.

"Fuck me!" and House fuck her violently. The bat is shaking madly inside her uterous, his wings flapping and scrapping the interior of the and more the cane and the penis are drilling the japanses girl blonde and her multiple orgasms are stronger and stronger and STRONGER:

"Booooooooooommmmm!" and Sailor Moonn`s head explodes in a million pieces. Cerebelum and blood cover House and the bat finally frees itself from his vaginal prison. House is flabbergasted:

"Fuck! I must hide the body!" and House picks Sailor Moon corpse and pieces and throw them at the bats. They eat and get fullfilled.

"Ok, I need a shower. Fuck that girl. After this party I must run a differential diagnosis to know what killed her. This mystery is killing me." and there goes House to take a bath at the whore filled pool.

House arrives at the pool and see very bizarre scene:

"Oh NO!"

House sees thousand of paid female women escorts dead at the gigantic Batman pool. "Dude! WTF!"

Later arrives Naturo, Harry Potter , Batman, Power Ranger and Homer Simpson.

"Call the police" says Batman to House.

"But Batman" asks Power Ranger "you are the greatest detective!"

"Yes" says Batman "but today is my birthday."

"Go fuck yourself Batman" and Power Ranger goes away and don`t deliver his birthday gft to Batman. Batman throws a temper tantrum, runs away and locks himself in his bedroom.

House them calls thr police. After some momnets, arrive the office of CSI.

"Horatio Cane!" everyone screams loudly and madly with love for that red haired muscle man.

"Hello, is there a crime here to solve?"

"Yes" sais House, "look at the pool."

"Oh, hmmmmm. Those dead bodies. It was Shrek. Bye." and Horatio Cane goes away.

"Shreak!" everyone screams "that fucking troll!" everyone hates Shreak.

At the same time Shreak enter the scene with Womdenr Woman at his arms. She is exhausted from the fucking with the green tomato dick. She loves sex salad.

"Somebody arrest that man!" screams Harry Potter and Natuto, the two guys that wanted to be men. Robocop arrives with a pair of handcuff:

"No! You are not going to arrest my man-troll!" shrieks Wonder Woemn for Shrek. "He impregnated me with his green semen! Who will take care of my still unborn childs?!"

"NOOOOOOOOOOOO!"

Everyone hears thescream coming from batman`s bedroom. He is furious.

"Womner Womar, you cuckolded me, you fucking bitch" sloobered from his mouth the capped crusadr. "I gonna kill you!" and Batman throws a dead bat at Wondrr Woamans faces:

"Argh!" she screams and fall the ground.

"You baterd!" scrams Shreak with utter comtenpt and rage to the bat-man.

Baatman starts to fist fight Shrek and the two of them draw blood from one another. Pieces of teeth get pulled and eye balls destroyed by fingers. Shrek punches Batman`s guts and destry his innards with his powerful Troll hand. Batman them picks Shreak tongue and rip it off from his mouth. They are slwoly but surely maiming one another.

"Wonder Woann, do somethnig!" cries with despair Naruto. But she doesn`t care, she sits on the ground and only looks. She loves brute man fighting for her vagina, dripping with Shrek semen at the moment.

After a whle, Batman and Shrek are very tired.

"Damn, fighting for that bitch is too much work." says Batman "you can have her Shrek." and there goes Batmann and lock himself inside his bedromm again. He now eats the birthday cake alone.

"My lowwweee" says Shrek opening his arms and moving towards Wonder Woman, limping, with one eye less, all bruised and toothless. She is grossed out:

"Wheeewwwww! Get outta here you piece of shit!" and she them kisses Homer Simpson. They go to Homer`s house to make love.

Robocop goes home too. He is sad Batman forgotten him. House is wasted on the ground. Too much vicodin.

Only Harry Potter and Naruto remain sober at the party. They look one another with sad faces:

"Damn," mutters Harry Potter "we are still virgins."

"Yep..." sais Naruto smelling his own finger covered with shit.

"What do we do?"

"Hmmmmmmmmm" and Naruto have an idea:

"We go to Beverly Hills!"

"Yeah!"

Today is the day Piccolo will show his real feelings to Vegeta. Piccolo goes to Vegeta`s house, knocks his door and Veget answers:

"What do you want creep" says Begeta with utter contempt for Piccolo.

"I just want to give you this present." says Piccolo with both hands in their pockets.

"What presen-" and them Piccolo punches Vegeta inside the house and fastly he closes the door behind.

"Now, I will show you my present" and them Piccolo exposes his enormous green cock. Vegeta`s eyes bulge out of it`s eyesocks:

"My gold! What the fuck Piccolo! I`m heterosexual!"

"Yes, but today you`ll be heteroflexible! And I`m going to flex my cock inside your ass!" and Piccolo starts to penetrate Vegeeta with clothes still on:

""Ouch! It hurts!" and Vegeta`s and Piccolo pants get forced inside Vegeta by that pulsating green dong full of green tomatoes. Vegeta`s ass is starting to get chafed and after dome moments the ass caught fire. Vegeta screams as flames emanate from his butthole and Piccolo laughs with pleasure:

"HAHAHAHAHAHAHA, BURN BITCH!"

"Why you so mean Piccola?" cries Vegete as his face hits the ground and his elevated ass gets pounded forcefully with many punches by the green moster alien cock shaped like an alligator obelisk, full of sharp-edged scales of pleasure and pain.

Piccolo`s then dick caught fire too, but he is alien, so it makes no diference to him, pain is pleasure for that green mass of muscles and sweeting vegetable cock throbbing with anguish and despair of being toasted alive inside a man`s ass full of poop and baccteria.

By this time, both men`s clothes burned around their genital, scrotal and anal areas. The fabric adhered to their burning skins and is turning coal black, like their rapidly decaying flesh. And at this delicate time, Piccolo`s incesant butt fucking caused collatereal affects inside Vegeta`s bowels. He started to fart profusely on Piccolo`s emerald cock and the smell was so furiously awful it caused an chain reachion of vomit erupting from both lover`s stomachs flooding Vegeta`s bedroom with that rancid pap of moist half-digested grub. Piccole then, continuing the buttfucking penetrating the scorched ass of Vegeta, picks the warm vomit on the ground and starts to smear all over Vegeta`s arched back:

"OOOoooooohhhhhhhhh, it feels so good" moans with pleasureble monkeyness the fartistic lovable sayian. Piccol them picks more vomit and rubs all over his chest, and this causes his furious fucking to intensify, as the wretched puke odour impregnate his roquefort nostrils.

Both Piccolo`s dick and Vegete`s ass are in a lamentnable state, suffering third degree burns and forming purulence filled buubbles that pop and causes terrible pain in both lover`s suffering living carcasses. Piccolo`s dick them starts to fall apart and desintegrates inside Vegeta`s coal black bowels. He cries in turmoil and sadness to see his most valuable object to die in front of his eyes:

"My powerful cock! NOOOOOOOOO!" and them Poccolo falls on the ground and his dick is no more. His balls them inflate like gelatinous rabbit corpses and explodes in a million of cancerous giblets full of shinning unriped semen. And Piccolo dies.

"NNOOOOOOOOOOOO!" cries in desperation Vegerta "I didn`t cum yet!"

So Vegeta gets up and feels his buttocks detach from his body. They fall on the ground and melt like a couple of sad bananas, exposing Vegeta`s pelvic bones. He walks around the house like a headless buttfucked turkey with cerebal palsy and them masturbates furiously trying to cum and end his eternal agony.

Bulma them arrives in the house:

"Vegeta! I`m home honey!" utter with happishness the green haired milf hotness with delicious mad bossom. She then walks with a bag of grocerious to the Vegeta`s bedrom and then...she sees the hellish vision. Buolma`s husband half burned, without buttocks, covered in vomit, masturbating and howling like a cretaceous gorilla rapist. Bulma get shocked by the vision and falls on the ground dropping the groceries she bought on the grocery story. A glass of milk shatters and shards of glass flies directly inside Bulma`s vagina:

"Ouch!" she mutters with displeasure. Vegeta look Bulma`s on the ground with her pants destroyed by the glass and legs covered in milk, and he have an idea:

"Bulma, my dear wife, I`m gonna rape you." and he them procceds to ties her with ropes made of adamantium.

"No!No! Have mercy! You are may hsuband!? Why you doing this!?"

"I`m doing this because Peccolo showed me the truth."

"Truth?!" cries Buloma trying to free herself from the metalic ropes, without success, and procedding to cut her wrists at the same time, exposing her circulatory system to the boiling vomit that painted the ground moments ealiear. "You are insane!"

"No Bulma my dear" xplains Vegeta calmly to his woman, while he rubs her hair with tenderly love and mastubates his veiny and protuberant cock with the otter hand. "Piccola just gave me his Present."

"And what present is this you crazy person?!" sais Bulma craying tears of mermaid cocktail.

"The present is...DICK!" and Veget then introduces violently his masculine and third-degree-burned cock inside Bulmas vulva. She screams with excruciating pain. The contorted and badly burned penis of Vegeta them gets perforated by and penetrated by the shards of glass inside Bulmas`s vagina. He likes it.

"No BEEGEEta! Milk glass is scratching my interior!"

"I don`t give a damn honey" and Vegeta continues with the fucked frontal fucking, the shards inserted in Vegeta`s fleshly penis shreding Bulma`s vagina inside out. After some moments of pain, Vegeta sees the blood flux out of Bulma`s vagina:

"You know what color matches with red, honey? It`s white!" and them Vegeta remove his putrid penis out of Bulma`s torn appart vagina. Her labia minora and labia majora them are cut and completely disfigured while the glass incrusted penis exits her pleasure cavity.

Vegeta them raise Bulma`s pelvis while she is on her back, opens an unshattered glass of milk with another hand and them pour milk inside her blood flooded vagina. The resulting fluid have a hot pink color:

"Wow! That`s tasty!" and them Vegeta starts to drink milk mixed with blood from Vulma`s Bagina.

Sadly for Vegeta, there were still lot`s of shards of glass inside Bulma`s, and he starts to swallow them, causing his throat to be torn appart and destroyd.

"God! What have I done to my Wife?!" cries Vegeta while he vomits blood. He them hugs Bulma that now lays completely on the ground, and starts to kiss her:

"Sorry dear wife, kiss me a goodbye kiss..."

"No! You`ll sufocate me! Noo...arghppffff" and Vegeta kisses her, filling her mouth with blood that start to suffocats Bulma. At the last moment, Vegeta ejaculates. He them dies with a soft happiness. Bulma don`t have the same luck.

"I need to cum before I die" thinks Bulma fast. While the dead body of Vegeta lies over her kissing her mouth, she forces her hand out of the ropes and sadly, her hand couldn`t make it, just an arm stump. Unhindered by this fact, she just rubs with rabidness her clit with her arm stump trying to achieve orgasm before her last breath. Her senses are fading, but she is a determine girl, never disapoiniting mom or dad. Bulma is a strong girl, she can do wonders with just a cadaver of a man and half of her vagina destroied. Her lips strongly glued to Vegeta`s cadaver lips give her the necessary excitment only a good girl like her could wish in all her life. After some seconds and her life almost ending , Bulma`s thoughts explode:

"I`m gonna cuuuuuuuuuuuuum!" and all of Bulma`s body shakes with orgasmic rhythms, her juices exploding out of her maimed vagina, splashing the walls with girl ejaculation, milk, vomit and blood. A festival of fluids now decorate that love filled bedroom, a real work of modern art even Van Gogh would cut his other ear just to apreciate and swim inside that crummy soup of sexual passion.

Bulma them dies.


Sonix was lately felling very much sad. He had very thin bony legs and a big belly. Like a pork chop. A potato of lard covered in beat fur. His secret crush was Gandalf, because gandalf was gay. And Sonic though that he could have a change to touch his wizard rod if he had six packs of pleasure for the wold wizerf to mastubate to.

So, Sox decided to aplly membert ship to a fine place of muscle creation, it was a a place where Broce Lee was created and turned kung fu.

"Hello, sadi Sonic to the pearson that was at the counter of the fine estabelishment", I want to geat big muscles, so I can impress Galf.

The person on the counter was a chinese man with a big penis. He was exbiting his enourmous member so no one thought he had a small ock.

"Yes, honerable hedgehoge, I will make your registration and please, do not touch my ock".

Sonic got tempted by the yellow penis, but he doesn't like chinese food.

Sonic them entered the place, and there where lot's of dumbells and heavy weight machines.

"Wow, now I can sculpt my body for that sexy wizard!"

Sony imediatle picked a 100 lbs dumblel and lifted it, but it was to heavy. So the dumblel fall on the groung and break his arm.

"AH!" screamed the poor hogdegod. Son9ix is broken and everyone looks and laughs at his stoopd. But one person in not amuzed. It's Dr. House:

"You ediot, what are you doing. You fucked up my trainign and now I have to that care of this piece of shit fat animal covered in spines"

"Sorry! I don't know what haped with me. I'am so stuped."

Dotcor Hiuser is a medic personal. He work s at Plains Boro hospital and cure cancer. But now he decided to take his life in another direction. After have a mistake happen and his leg being destroid by the bitch Cuddy who he loves but destroy his leg, Doctor hous got self fired from the hospital and went to find ew life beyond those cure doors.

Doctor House them hired a mechanic, Dr Tony Stark, to fix his leg. Tony made a bionc leg to put inside his body. To do that, he use a saw and chopped houses leg off. But he chopped the wrong one, so he chopped the other one, and now Hosue has two legs made of aluminium.

"Come here Hedgepoge" says Hosus to Soniv, and the little ball of spines went in proximity of the mecal doctor "It seems you arms is broke. Bu I cam fis this."

Doit Hores them put aluminium legs over Soci arms, and the legs had fist-aids kit. The legs them propulsioned a couple of tentacles made of calcium to cure Sonic. And if workd!

"Thnaks Doiter Hose!"

"No thanks bitch, you have to pay." and Dro House stapled a medical pill over Snoics fore hed.

Now that everythnig is okay, Hosue went away, and Soni need to rest. So he went to sauna. Butt, after he opened the dooor, he had a madly surpreise:

"Oh no! Doctr Robtonic!" and Sonic the Herdgog fainted.

After a few minutes, Sonies aweked up, nad he was inside a jacuzzi. All naked, and by his side...Robothink!

"Oh no! Please Dortor Robotkinick, don't rape me!" screms sonic, crying like a river of molasses and garlic.

"He...He...He...Socis Socis, I always admired your blue body you know. So sexy and full of dangerous little spines that penetrate the skin and cause orgasm. Sonic, The Hedgegoh, I want to deflower you!" uttered Dr Ivo Robitok with the most pleasure sensation.

As his arc emeny uttered so profound words, Sonic started to admire his body. Robotonik carcaressing himself with his lardy sausage fingers. As they were half imersed in the jacuzzi, Robitnick picked a bootle of mayonaise and started to spread it all over his giant belly. The belly was very giant and full of hair and macaroni. The water of the jacuzzi was full of floating lasagna and meat-balls. Dr Robertkic picked a piece of the lagsana and toke a bite:

"Kiss my moustache sexy Hedgehoiese" sayd very sexyly that man made of lard and lipids. His mouth wass masticating with intense pleasure all that pasta mixed with meat-balls and cheap soap.

Sonic couldn't contain the imense disgust he had sharing his first sauna+jacuzzi moment with his most hated enemy, so he vomited. A intense jet of bile fueled gastric juice emanated from his throat and tainted that pure water with an intense hot soup of fried chicken, diet cock and untreated worms.

The worms entered Sonics anus.

"Oh now Soixos, the Hjergogee, I need to safe you" and Ronobotick inserted his imense and gangrenous finger inside Sonic's butthole. The ass cracked and formed sacred hemorroids inside his anus. The water got red.

"Hummmmmm, I love red wine" uttered with pleasure sensation Robotdick, and he swallowed the water filled with anus' blood.

"No Dortor! Don't do that dat!1" screamed Sonics and he swinged his arms all over the sauna. He let a fart out.

Sonic's blood was tainted with a living bacteria full of alien cells, and those cels were toxic to fat men. If they ingested it, something bad woukd happen them.

As immediately as Robotiric gulped the red wine water, he started to convulse. His mouth started to slobber and his bowels got lose. The water got red-brown.

"Nooooooo! Robothnok!" Skonic screamed and them jumped out of water. His anus was still bleeading, and he run away from there. Robotokik's body them inflated until it exploded in a million smashed pieces...and the ssauna was no more.